event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "id": "run-e17aa6cd-dc71-4748-853a-1ae14dde2d55", "role": "user", "content": "Write an article about Nanjing's traditional dishes.", "finish_reason": "stop"}

event: tool_calls
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "coordinator", "id": "run-e17aa6cd-dc71-4748-853a-1ae14dde2d56", "role": "assistant", "finish_reason": "tool_calls", "tool_calls": [{"name": "handoff_to_planner", "args": {"task_title": "Explore Nanjing's culinary scene, documenting traditional dishes"}, "id": "", "type": "tool_call"}], "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": "handoff_to_planner", "args": "{\"task_title\":\"Explore Nanjing's culinary scene, documenting traditional dishes\"}", "id": "", "index": null, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "planner", "id": "run-f9561a11-723f-4d5f-917c-95f96601f87f", "role": "assistant", "content": "{"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "planner", "id": "run-f9561a11-723f-4d5f-917c-95f96601f87f", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n  \""}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "planner", "id": "run-f9561a11-723f-4d5f-917c-95f96601f87f", "role": "assistant", "content": "locale\": \"en-US\",\n  \"has_enough_context\":"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "planner", "id": "run-f9561a11-723f-4d5f-917c-95f96601f87f", "role": "assistant", "content": " false,\n  \"thought\": \"I will create a research plan to explore Nanjing's"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "planner", "id": "run-f9561a11-723f-4d5f-917c-95f96601f87f", "role": "assistant", "content": " culinary scene and document its traditional dishes. I will create comprehensive steps to gather the most important data and create a good final report.\",\n  \"title\": \"Research"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "planner", "id": "run-f9561a11-723f-4d5f-917c-95f96601f87f", "role": "assistant", "content": " Plan: Nanjing's Culinary Scene and Traditional Dishes\",\n  \"steps\": [\n    {\n      \"need_search\": true,\n      "}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "planner", "id": "run-f9561a11-723f-4d5f-917c-95f96601f87f", "role": "assistant", "content": "\"title\": \"Identify and Document Key Traditional Nanjing Dishes\",\n      \"description\": \"Research and compile a comprehensive list of traditional Nanjing dishes, including their names (in both English and Chinese), detailed descriptions of ingredients and preparation methods, and historical origins"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "planner", "id": "run-f9561a11-723f-4d5f-917c-95f96601f87f", "role": "assistant", "content": ". Identify dishes that are representative of Nanjing's culinary heritage and those that are less well-known but still significant. Document the specific cooking techniques that characterize Nanjing cuisine.\",\n      \"step_type\": \"research\"\n    },\n    {\n      \"need_search\": true,\n      \"title\": \"Investigate the History and Cultural Significance of Nanjing Cuisine\",\n      \"description\": \"Explore the historical influences that have shaped Nanjing's culinary traditions, including its role as a former capital city. Document the cultural significance of specific dishes and"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "planner", "id": "run-f9561a11-723f-4d5f-917c-95f96601f87f", "role": "assistant", "content": " their connection to local customs, festivals, and celebrations. Research the evolution of Nanjing cuisine over time, identifying key periods of change and the factors that contributed to them.\",\n      \"step_type\": \"research\"\n    },\n    {\n      \"need_search\": true,\n      \"title\":"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "planner", "id": "run-f9561a11-723f-4d5f-917c-95f96601f87f", "role": "assistant", "content": " \"Analyze the Current State of Nanjing's Culinary Scene and Identify Key Restaurants\",\n      \"description\": \"Investigate the current state of Nanjing's culinary scene, identifying key restaurants that specialize in traditional Nanjing cuisine. Gather information on their menus, pricing, and customer reviews. Document any trends or changes in the local food"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "planner", "id": "run-f9561a11-723f-4d5f-917c-95f96601f87f", "role": "assistant", "content": " scene, such as the emergence of new dishes or the revitalization of old ones. Collect information about well-known chefs and their contributions to Nanjing cuisine.\",\n      \"step_type\": \"research\"\n    }\n  ]\n}", "finish_reason": "stop"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "planner", "id": "run-f9561a11-723f-4d5f-917c-95f96601f87f", "role": "assistant"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "planner", "id": "run-f9561a11-723f-4d5f-917c-95f96601f87f", "role": "assistant"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-c27a12c8-0340-41cd-a755-3f2c526abc58", "role": "assistant", "content": "Okay, I understand"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-c27a12c8-0340-41cd-a755-3f2c526abc58", "role": "assistant", "content": ". I will research and compile a comprehensive list of traditional Nanjing dishes, including their names ("}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-c27a12c8-0340-41cd-a755-3f2c526abc58", "role": "assistant", "content": "in both English and Chinese), detailed descriptions of ingredients and preparation methods, and historical"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-c27a12c8-0340-41cd-a755-3f2c526abc58", "role": "assistant", "content": " origins. I will identify dishes that are representative of Nanjing's culinary heritage and those that are less well-known but still significant. I will also document the"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-c27a12c8-0340-41cd-a755-3f2c526abc58", "role": "assistant", "content": " specific cooking techniques that characterize Nanjing cuisine. Finally, I will provide a structured response in markdown format with a references section at the end.\n\nHere's my"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-c27a12c8-0340-41cd-a755-3f2c526abc58", "role": "assistant", "content": " plan:\n\n1.  **Initial Web Search:** I will start with a broad web search to identify a preliminary list of traditional Nanjing dishes.\n2.  **Refine Search:** I will refine my searches based on the initial results to gather"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-c27a12c8-0340-41cd-a755-3f2c526abc58", "role": "assistant", "content": " more detailed information about each dish, including ingredients, preparation methods, historical origins, and cooking techniques.\n3.  **Crawl Promising URLs:** If necessary, I will use the crawl tool to extract information from promising URLs identified in the search results"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-c27a12c8-0340-41cd-a755-3f2c526abc58", "role": "assistant", "content": ".\n4.  **Synthesize Information:** I will synthesize the information gathered from all sources to create a comprehensive list of Nanjing dishes with the requested details.\n5.  **Organize and Format Response:** I will organize the information into a structured markdown document with the required sections: Problem Statement, Research Findings, Conclusion,"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-c27a12c8-0340-41cd-a755-3f2c526abc58", "role": "assistant", "content": " and References.\n\nNow, let's start with the initial web search.\n\n"}

event: tool_calls
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-c27a12c8-0340-41cd-a755-3f2c526abc58", "role": "assistant", "finish_reason": "tool_calls", "tool_calls": [{"name": "web_search", "args": {"query": "traditional Nanjing dishes"}, "id": "", "type": "tool_call"}], "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": "web_search", "args": "{\"query\":\"traditional Nanjing dishes\"}", "id": "", "index": null, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_result
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "6bde2810-1479-4642-99e8-2afff51582ee", "role": "assistant", "content": "[{\"type\": \"page\", \"title\": \"Where to Eat in Nanjing: Top 15 Must-Visit Spots\", \"url\": \"https://letstraveltochina.com/where-to-eat-in-nanjing/\", \"content\": \"The menu offers a mix of traditional Sichuan items like Mao Xue Wang (spicy blood curd and offal stew) alongside beloved Nanjing dishes like Jinling Soup Dumplings and Red Bean Glutinous Rice Balls. This combination has earned it a loyal following among the city’s older residents.\\nTheir xiaolongbao is especially well-regarded, ranking as one of the top in Nanjing. [...] Nanjing cuisine, hailing from the capital of Jiangsu Province, is known for its rich flavors, fresh ingredients, and a blend of historical influences. This culinary tradition is characterized by its emphasis on duck, various seafood, and local specialties that reflect the region’s geography and culture.\\n1. Signature Dishes\\n2. Influence of the Yangtze River [...] For those seeking morning tea in Nanjing, Anleyuan is a highly recommended spot known for its diverse selection of tea-time snacks. From traditional steamed buns to creative halal pastries, every dish here excels in flavor, aroma, and presentation.\", \"score\": 0.8943568, \"raw_content\": \"Where to Eat in Nanjing: Top 15 Must-Visit Spots\\nNanjing, one of China’s ancient capitals, is not only known for its historical landmarks but also for its rich and diverse culinary scene. Situated in the heart of the Jiangsu region, Nanjing boasts a cuisine that reflects the city’s deep connection to its rivers, lakes, and fertile lands. From iconic dishes like Nanjing salted duck to beloved street foods, the flavors of Nanjing are both delicate and flavorful, embodying the essence of Jiangsu cuisine. Its food culture is a perfect blend of tradition, regional ingredients, and centuries-old cooking techniques that continue to draw food enthusiasts from around the world. \\nIn this post, I’ll share my top 15 restaurant picks where you can enjoy the best Nanjing has to offer, delving into the city’s must-try dishes and what makes its food scene truly unique.\\nYou might also be interested in:☀️The 22 Best Things to Do in Nanjing in 2025🌟Where to Eat: 30 Top Restaurants in Guangzhou🍲Where to Eat: 24 Top Restaurants in Chengdu 2025⭐Where to Eat: 91 Best Restaurants in Beijing in 2025\\nTable of Contents\\nDisclosure: This article contains affiliate links. If you make a purchase after clicking one of these links, I earn a small commission at no extra cost to you. You can learn more about this in my disclosure policy.\\n🌟Nanjing Travel Planning Guide\\nConsidering a last-minute trip to Nanjing?🇨🇳 Top Activities and Tours in Nanjing:1. 3-Hour Nanjing Authentic Local Food Tour by Public Transportation2. Flexible Private Nanjing City Night Tour with Dinner Option3. Flexible Private Nanjing City Highlights Day Tour🌐Make sure to install ExpressVPN or NordVPN in advance for unrestricted internet access during your stay in China!\\n☀️What You Need to Know About Nanjing Cuisine\\nNanjing cuisine, hailing from the capital of Jiangsu Province, is known for its rich flavors, fresh ingredients, and a blend of historical influences. This culinary tradition is characterized by its emphasis on duck, various seafood, and local specialties that reflect the region’s geography and culture.\\n1. Signature Dishes\\n2. Influence of the Yangtze River\\nNanjing’s location along the Yangtze River significantly impacts its cuisine. The abundance of freshwater fish and seafood is prominent in many dishes, showcasing the region’s natural resources.\\n3. Focus on Duck\\nDuck is a cornerstone of Nanjing cuisine, and the city is known for its duck dishes, which are often prepared in various ways. Besides salted duck, you’ll also find dishes like roast duck and stir-fried duck with vegetables.\\n4. Regional Variations\\nWhile Nanjing cuisine has its distinct identity, it also shares similarities with Jiangsu cuisine as a whole. Jiangsu cuisine is known for its emphasis on sweetness and careful preparation, which can also be seen in many Nanjing dishes.\\n5. Saltiness and Sweetness\\nDishes often balance salty and sweet flavors, with a preference for slightly sweet sauces. This is evident in many of their signature dishes.\\n6. Variety of Local Snacks\\nNanjing is famous for its variety of street foods and snacks, especially in the Fuzimiao (Confucius Temple) area. Popular snacks include buns, dumplings, pan-fried dumplings (锅贴), wontons, shaobing (烧饼), yuanxiao (元宵), and fermented rice wine desserts (酒酿).\\n7. Seasonality and Freshness\\nNanjing cuisine celebrates the seasons, with dishes and ingredients changing to reflect what’s freshly available. For instance, spring brings leeks, snails, and toon leaves; summer offers amaranth greens and gourds; autumn is crab season; and winter features napa cabbage and radishes. The focus is always on using the freshest seasonal produce to enhance flavor and nutrition.\\n⭐Top 15 Local Nanjing Restaurants\\n1. Jinling Hotel Plum Garden – 金陵饭店·梅苑\\nFor over 40 years, Jinling Hotel’s Plum Garden has been a go-to favorite among Nanjing locals. Situated on the second floor, the restaurant features both Beijing and Huaiyang cuisines. The entire restaurant retains the authentic historical flavor.\\nTheir salted duck is regarded as Nanjing’s finest, prepared with premium ingredients and perfectly marinated. The tender, flavorful meat offers a delightful start to any meal.\\nSwamp eels are a popular delicacy in the Jiangsu-Shanghai region. In Huaiyang cuisine, they’re often prepared “ruandou” (软兜) style, where eels are boiled, filleted, and stir-fried with garlic and onions, resulting in tender, noodle-like strips.\\nNo visit to Nanjing is complete without tasting duck blood and vermicelli soup! The version here is exceptional, with no off-putting flavors from the duck blood or innards, and the chili oil adds a wonderfully aromatic touch.\\n📍Address: The second floor of Jinling Hotel, Hanzhong Road, Gulou District\\n2. Hongchu Xiang – 红厨巷\\nFor an authentic Nanjing dining experience, head to the city’s old southern district. This restaurant on Xianhe Street has been a local favorite for over ten years, known for its great food at reasonable prices, attracting food-savvy locals.\\nTheir signature dish is the “ruandou” (软兜) style swamp eel, prepared fresh with hand-deboned eel. This dish never gets old! The eel is tender and silky, served hot with a mildly sweet sauce that’s incredibly satisfying.\\nAnother must-try is the Nanjing-style abalone braised with chicken. The dish is generously portioned, with large, chewy abalones paired with tender chicken that falls right off the bone, soaking up the rich abalone broth for extra flavor.\\nFor something heartier, try the braised beef tendons, served hot in a clay pot, the beef is stewed until tender, with the tendons offering a nice chew.\\nTheir gold medal prawns are another highlight – fresh, with crispy fried shells and tender meat inside, served with a tangy-sweet sauce that bursts with flavor.\\n📍Address: 9 Xianhe Street, Qinhuai District\\n3. Lao Gulou Tangbao – 老鼓楼汤包\\nLao Gulou Tangbao stands out as one of Nanjing’s top soup dumpling spots. The prices are reasonable, making it an excellent choice for sampling Nanjing’s street food.\\nTheir star dish is the classic tangbao, with most diners ordering at least one basket. The dumplings are large, with delicate thin skins and a generous filling of juicy, tender meat. The filling is slightly sweet and soft, and it’s rumored that aspic is added during preparation to enhance the broth. Every basket is made fresh to order, ensuring a burst of freshness with each bite.\\nThe shepherd’s purse tangbao, featuring a mix of the vegetable and meat, is also on the menu. However, the meat remains the dominant ingredient. Personally, I found it less impressive than the original tangbao, with less broth and a less robust flavor.\\nAs for their duck blood and vermicelli soup, a famous Nanjing snack, it tastes similar to other versions around town. However, their soup stands out by being extra generous with the duck offal, making it a hearty and satisfying dish.\\n📍Address: 10 Taipingmen Street, Xuanwu District\\n4. Lvliuju Restaurant – 绿柳居菜馆\\nAs one of Nanjing’s oldest and most iconic establishments, Lvliuju Restaurant boasts a long history and specializes in halal and vegetarian cuisine. The restaurant is particularly known for its ability to create vegetarian dishes that resemble meat. Their “all-vegetarian banquet” features dishes like “chicken and duck” crafted from tofu skin, gluten, and dried tofu. The elegant ambiance, rich in cultural significance, makes it a popular destination for tourists.\\nA must-try is the “Squirrel Fish,” where tofu is molded into the shape of a fish and deep-fried, creating a crispy outer layer while keeping the inside tender and juicy. When topped with a special sauce, the flavors truly stand out.\\nAnother highlight is the “Vegetarian Roasted Goose,” made from tofu skin filled with mushrooms, carrots, and other ingredients. The texture and taste offer a delightful mix of the richness of goose and the freshness of vegetarian food.\\nTheir vegetarian buns are also well-known, with a soft dough and flavorful filling that surpasses the taste of typical meat-filled buns.\\nFinally, the beef potstickers are crisp on the outside with a juicy filling inside, reminiscent of soup dumplings, with a hint of sweetness that elevates the flavor.\\n📍Address: 248 Taiping S Street, Qinhuai District\\n5. Zhang Yun Salted Duck – 章云板鸭\\nIn Nanjing, duck dishes are a staple everywhere, deeply ingrained in local life. Among them, “Zhang Yun Salted Duck” is a well-known name.\\nThe restaurant’s signature salted duck stands out with its chewy texture, different from roast duck. The duck meat isn’t too salty on its own, and when topped with sauce, the flavors intensify.\\nTheir brined duck showcases the natural fragrance of the meat, with a perfectly balanced salty taste. While eating a lot might make it seem slightly saltier, it’s still milder compared to other places.\\nNanjing roast duck, unlike the Beijing or Cantonese styles, has a distinct flavor of its own. It tends to be sweeter and is roasted over an open flame, resulting in crispy skin and tender meat. When combined with the restaurant’s special sauce, it becomes even more flavorful and crispy.\\nIn addition to duck dishes, the restaurant also offers delectable items like duck wings and duck feet.\\n📍Address: 228 Shengzhou Road, Chaotiangong Street, Qinhuai District\\n6. Sichuan Restaurant – 四川酒家\\nDespite its name, Sichuan Restaurant isn’t your typical Sichuan cuisine spot. Instead, it specializes in dishes that appeal to Nanjing locals by toning down the spicy heat commonly associated with Sichuan food and adding Huaiyang elements for a more balanced flavor.\\nThe menu offers a mix of traditional Sichuan items like Mao Xue Wang (spicy blood curd and offal stew) alongside beloved Nanjing dishes like Jinling Soup Dumplings and Red Bean Glutinous Rice Balls. This combination has earned it a loyal following among the city’s older residents.\\nTheir xiaolongbao is especially well-regarded, ranking as one of the top in Nanjing.\\nMuch like Nanjing’s reputation for cultural diversity, Sichuan Restaurant brings together different regional cuisines, making it a fusion eatery that reflects the culinary variety of China.\\n📍Address: 171 Taiping S Rd, Qinhuai District\\n7. Liu Changxing – 刘长兴\\nLiu Changxing, a restaurant with over a century of history since its founding in 1901, is famous for its popular dishes like thin-skinned crab roe soup dumplings, five-nut steamed buns, eel noodles, smoked fish noodles, fish soup wontons, and steamed dumplings.\\nThe signature soup dumplings are delicate, with thin skins that allow the savory meat filling and rich broth to shine through. The meat filling, shaped like a small meatball, strikes a perfect balance between sweet and savory, making it a customer favorite.\\nThe steamed mushroom dumplings feature a tight outer layer and a juicy, flavorful filling.\\nThe fish soup wontons are served in a nutritious broth made from fresh fish, which is light, sweet, and naturally flavorful without the need for pepper. The pairing of the tender fish balls with the wontons creates a delightful and varied texture in each bite.\\n📍Address: 506 Zhongshan E Rd, Qinhuai District\\n8. Qifangge Restaurant – 奇芳阁\\nQifangge is renowned for serving authentic halal cuisine from Nanjing, appealing to both locals and tourists alike.\\nOne of the must-try dishes is their Duck Oil Shaobing, a specialty that stands out from regular shaobing thanks to its use of creamy white duck oil, which gives it its distinctive flavor. After baking for about 20 minutes, the shaobing emerges golden and crispy on both sides, with layers of flaky goodness.\\nAnother popular item is the Vegetarian Stuffed Bun, filled with tender spinach or greens, black fungus, sesame, mushrooms, dried tofu, and baked gluten, topped with sesame oil. The bun’s thin skin and generous filling make it a refreshing and appetite-boosting treat.\\n📍Address: 30 Shengzhou Road, Qinhuai District\\n9. Jining Tangbao – 鸡鸣汤包\\nLocated near Taiping Gate, Jining Tangbao has now become the leading soup dumpling chain in Nanjing. The store always has a long queue, and while the shop’s setting is simple, the enticing aroma of freshly made dumplings fills the space.\\nUnlike traditional Nanjing-style soup dumplings, Jining Tangbao has its pleats facing down, giving it a smooth and glossy appearance. The dumplings are small and delicate, with a thin, translucent skin.\\nWhen eating these soup dumplings, you first bring it to your mouth, take a small bite to taste the sweet broth. The soup is clear and rich in flavor. After sipping the broth, you can then enjoy the whole dumpling, slowly chewing to savor the tender pork combined with the savory broth—it’s an indescribable delight.\\n📍Address: 10 Taipingmen Road, Xuanwu District\\n10. Anleyuan Restaurant – 安乐园\\nFor those seeking morning tea in Nanjing, Anleyuan is a highly recommended spot known for its diverse selection of tea-time snacks. From traditional steamed buns to creative halal pastries, every dish here excels in flavor, aroma, and presentation.\\nThe standout is their Beef Steamed Bun, featuring a flavorful meat filling. The Shao Mai is another top-seller. Their Pan-Fried Buns have a thin, delicate skin and combine the juiciness of soup dumplings with the crispiness of pan-fried buns, making them a juicy delight. The restaurant offers an impressive variety of buns, such as beef, shepherd’s purse, vegetable, and red bean paste, each one packed with flavor.\\n📍Address: 138 Wangfu Ave, Baixia District\\n11. Liji Islamic Restaurant – 李记清真馆\\nWith over 20 years of history, Liji Islamic Restaurant is known for its range of beef specialties that are not to be missed, including pan-fried dumplings stuffed with beef, pan-fried beef buns, beef wontons, beef soup, and braised beef.\\nTheir pan-fried dumpling stuffed with beef are crescent-shaped with a crispy golden crust, filled with savory, slightly sweet beef. A dip in their house-made chili oil takes them to the next level. These pan-fried dumpling pair perfectly with vinegar and a bowl of beef or beef offal soup.\\nThe Beef Wontons have thin wrappers and ample filling, offering a taste of authentic Nanjing spicy oil wontons, served in a light broth with a hint of chili oil.\\nLiji also offers other favorites, such as dry-cut beef and smoked beef.\\n📍Address: 1 Dading Lane, Pingshi Street, Qinhuai District\\n12. Fangpo Gaotuan Shop – 芳婆糕团店\\nFangpo Gaotuan Shop is a legendary spot for Nanjing food lovers, widely regarded as the city’s best place for traditional rice cakes. Many Nanjing locals consider it well worth the journey and wait in line just to taste the delights here.\\nTheir standout dish is the customizable Wu Fan (Black Rice), where customers can choose toppings like crispy fried dough sticks, pork floss, braised eggs, and various sausages. The steamed black rice has a deep, fragrant aroma, with a perfect chewy and sticky texture. When paired with the fried dough and pork floss, the flavor becomes even more layered and satisfying.\\nAnother must-try is the Rice Wine Tangyuan, Fangpo’s signature dessert. Served in a silky, translucent broth, these glutinous rice dumplings are accompanied by soft red beans, with the broth’s thick, smooth texture making it especially rich and enjoyable. The dumplings and beans have a perfect balance of softness and chewiness.\\n📍Address: 50 Wangfu Ave, Bai Xia District\\n13. Jinling Yangjia Wonton Restaurant – 金陵杨家馄饨店\\nFamous for its delicious wontons, Jinling Yangjia Wonton Restaurant is highly rated by customers, with its Duck Blood Wontons being a standout specialty unique to Nanjing.\\nThe restaurant’s open kitchen lets customers observe the whole process, from making pork lard to preparing and cooking the wontons. The pork lard and chili oil are both homemade, adding to the authenticity.\\nThe wontons arrive in a fragrant golden broth, topped with pepper and finely chopped greens. Each wonton is generously filled and wrapped in a delicate, thin skin. The tender, bouncy duck blood adds a delightful texture, while the broth is rich and flavorful. A dash of homemade chili oil brings out even more savory goodness, making it irresistibly appetizing.\\nThe duck blood is served separately, and for those who like spice, a bit more chili oil enhances the aroma and taste even further.\\n📍Address: 1-1 Caodu Xiang, Baixia District\\n14. Xiaopanji Duck Blood Vermicelli Soup – 小潘记鸭血粉丝汤\\nAt first glance, Xiaopanji may appear ordinary, but once inside, the long line tells a different story. Customers often wait about ten minutes for their bowl of duck blood vermicelli soup, a sign of its popularity.\\nXiaopanji’s duck blood vermicelli soup is known for its rich, flavorful broth, using thin vermicelli noodles paired with duck blood, tofu, and more. Each spoonful is packed with ingredients, making it a savory delight that leaves a lasting impression.\\nThe special duck blood vermicelli soup stands out with its extra toppings, including crispy rice crackers and large braised eggs, adding even more layers of flavor.\\nFor those who find the special version too loaded or dislike certain ingredients, Xiaopanji also offers alternatives like duck leg vermicelli soup and duck breast vermicelli soup, both of which are equally tasty.\\n📍Address: 2 Jiangjun Ln, Xuanwu District\\n15. Gaoyou Noodle Restaurant – 高邮面馆\\nHidden in the quiet Lujiagang Alley behind the busy New Street area, Gaoyou Noodle Restaurant can be tricky to find, and you might need a local to guide you. Despite its out-of-the-way location, the restaurant’s famous dry mixed noodles with green pepper, tofu, and shredded pork have earned it a solid reputation.\\nA large, aromatic bowl of noodles is served, with stir-fried toppings coating the noodles in rich flavor. Generous portions of tofu and juicy shredded pork make it a dish that invites immediate enjoyment.\\nThe thin Gaoyou noodles are soaked in sauce, and after mixing the noodles and toppings, the flavor becomes even more intense.\\nThe secret to these noodles is the black pepper from Sichuan, which clings to each noodle strand and adds a robust, flavorful kick.\\n📍Address: 1 Lujia Ln, Qinhuai District\\n🌸Final Thoughts: Where to Eat in Nanjing\\nTo wrap things up, Nanjing’s food scene is full of incredible flavors, and these 15 restaurants offer some of the best dining experiences in the city. So next time you’re in Nanjing, make sure to check out these top picks and enjoy all the delicious food the city has to offer!\\nChina Travel Planning Guide&FAQ\\nYes. Most visitors to China will need a visa to enter the country. The type of visa you need will depend on the purpose and duration of your trip, as well as your nationality. If you are a resident of the US, you must apply for a Chinese visa at the Consular Office in the country. On the other hand, inhabitants of countries like Japan, Canada, and the UK can request a visa through the Chinese Visa Application Service Center.\\nIn China, the government has strict regulations on internet access, leading to the blocking of popular websites and social media platforms such as Facebook, Twitter, Google, and YouTube. To access these sites, a VPN is suggested as a means of bypassing the restrictions. It is important to choose a reputable VPN provider and use caution while doing so. ExpressVPN has been historically deemed the most reliable VPN for this purpose, despite being heavily targeted by China’s censors. Nevertheless, it is still a widely preferred option owing to its ease of installation and user-friendliness.\\nYes. It is crucial to acknowledge that accessing the internet in China may pose limitations due to certain websites being prohibited or filtered. To ensure uninterrupted connectivity while staying in China, purchasing a local SIM card is advisable. For optimum results, acquiring SIM cards from either China Unicom or China Mobile is recommended. While China Mobile has the most comprehensive coverage in China and is a market leader, China Unicom is more compatible with foreign phones, enabling 3G and 4G services. Or you can purchase a SIM card online.\\nYes. Although China is generally a safe country for travel, it is still possible to encounter accidents or other unexpected occurrences. Therefore, obtaining travel insurance can provide a sense of security and financial protection. In my research, I have found that World Nomads is a reputable travel insurance provider that covers a wide range of activities and is recommended for the average traveler. Nevertheless, I advise you to compare insurance quotes from various providers before making a decision.\\nUnfeasible. Obtaining a Chinese driver’s license to rent a car and self-drive may seem like an option, but it is not a practical choice for most foreigners. Therefore, many prefer to opt for a driver or public transportation when navigating China, as it proves to be more convenient.\\nI suggest using Trip for affordable flights to China. As a China-based company, they often offer lower prices compared to foreign companies. Additionally, they offer English-speaking phone support in case of any issues.\\nNot only does Trip offer a wider range of flight options, but it also provides a greater selection of hotels to choose from. Moreover, Agoda is a reliable resource for hotels throughout Asia.\\nTravel adapter and converter: China uses a different electrical system than many other countries, so it’s important to bring a travel adapter and converter if you plan to use electronic devices such as phones, cameras, and laptops.  Sunscreen: The UV index in China can be high, particularly during the summer months, and prolonged exposure to the sun without protection can cause skin damage and increase the risk of skin cancer.Deodorant: It should be noted that finding deodorant in China may not be a simple task.\\nYes. If you’re planning to travel to China for the first time, a travel guidebook can be a valuable resource, and Lonely Planet is one of the most reputable guides available globally. Its comprehensive itineraries and recommendations take into account your personal preferences and can save you both time and money. The insider tips are also extremely helpful in navigating China’s unique cultural landscape like a local.\\n\\nAbout \\nHi! I’m Esther, a passionate traveler with a deep love for China’s rich culture, history, and stunning landscapes. Through this blog, I share my experiences and insights to help you explore the best of what China has to offer—from ancient wonders to hidden gems. Let me guide you on your next unforgettable journey through China!\\nRecent Posts \\n\\n\\t\\t\\t\\t\\tRelated Posts\\t\\t\\t\\t\\nLeave a ReplyCancel Reply\\nYour email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *\\n\\nName  *\\n\\n\\n\\nEmail  *\\n\\n\\n\\nWebsite\\n\\n\\n\\nAdd Comment *\\n\\n\\nSave my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.\\nPost Comment \\n\\n\\nCopyright © 2025 - Let's Travel To China | Privacy Policy\\n \\n\"}, {\"type\": \"page\", \"title\": \"What to eat in Nanjing? — 11+ best Nanjing street food & Nanjing famous ...\", \"url\": \"https://livingnomads.com/2023/10/nanjing-street-food/\", \"content\": \"Nanjing typical food | nanjing street food\\nSalted Duck (top nanjing street food)\\nOne of Nanjing’s most beloved dishes is Nanjing salted duck. It is a traditional dish that has been enjoyed for centuries and holds a significant place in the local cuisine. It is a must-try specialty for food enthusiasts visiting the city, offering a unique and flavorful experience.\", \"score\": 0.8812988, \"raw_content\": \"What to eat in Nanjing? — 11+ best Nanjing street food & Nanjing famous food you must try - Living + Nomads – Travel tips, Guides, News & Information!\\nPatreon Vimeo Youtube\\nSign in\\n\\nDestinations\\nAfrica\\nBotswana\\nEgypt\\nEthiopia\\nKenya\\nMauritius\\nMorocco\\nSeychelles\\nSouth Africa\\nTanzania\\nAsia\\nAfghanistan\\nBangladesh\\nBhutan\\nBrunei\\nCambodia\\nChina\\nHong Kong\\nIndia\\nIndonesia\\nJapan\\nKazakhstan\\nLaos\\nMalaysia\\nMaldives\\nMongolia\\nMyanmar\\nNepal\\nNorth Korea\\nPakistan\\n\\n\\nTrip Inspiration\\nAdventure + Outdoors\\nAmusement Parks\\nBackpacking Trips\\nBeaches\\nBike Tours\\nBlog\\nBoating + Cruises\\nBudget Travel\\nBus + Train Travel\\nCoasts + Islands\\nCountry Trips\\nCulture\\nFall Vacations\\nFamily Vacations\\nGreen Travel\\nHeritage + History\\nHoneymoons + Romance\\nInspiration + Guide\\nLandmarks + Attractions\\nLGBT Travel\\nLuxury\\nMarkets + Bazaars\\nMysteries\\nNational Parks + Reserves\\nNature + Wildlife\\nParks + Gardens\\nPets + Animals\\nPhotography\\nRoad Trips\\nShopping\\n\\n\\nTips\\nAdventure + Outdoors\\nAirlines + Airports\\nBudgeting + Currency\\nBusiness Travel\\nCelebrity Travel\\nCruises\\nCustoms + Immigration\\nDeals + Rewards\\nFamily Travel\\nHotels + Resorts\\nLuggage + Packing Tips\\nOffbeat News\\nPhotography Tips\\nResponsible Travel\\nSolo Travel\\nTech + Gear\\nTravel Etiquette\\nTravel Warnings\\n\\n\\nFood + Drink\\nBars + Clubs\\nBeer\\nCelebrity Chefs\\nRestaurants + Cafés\\nWine + Vineyards\\n\\n\\nHotels\\nBeach Hotels\\nBoutique Hotels\\nHotel Openings\\nHotel Reviews\\nLuxury Hotels\\nMountain + Ski Resorts\\nSpa Resorts\\nVacation Rentals\\n\\n\\nCruises\\nAsia Cruises\\nEuropean Cruises\\n\\n\\nArts + Culture\\nArt\\nFestivals + Events\\nFilm + TV\\nMuseums + Galleries\\n\\n\\nPhotos\\nMore\\nStyle + Design\\nTravel’s Best\\nBlog\\nBookings\\nHotel with Agoda.com\\nHotel with Booking.com\\n\\n\\nLiving\\n\\n\\n\\nSign in\\nWelcome!Log into your account\\nyour username\\nyour password\\nForgot your password?\\n\\nPassword recovery\\nRecover your password\\nyour email\\nSearch \\n\\nSign in\\nWelcome! Log into your account\\nyour username\\nyour password\\nForgot your password? Get help\\nPassword recovery\\nRecover your password\\nyour email\\nA password will be e-mailed to you.\\n Living + Nomads – Travel tips, Guides, News & Information!\\n\\n\\n\\n\\nDestinations\\n\\n\\nAllAfricaBotswanaEgyptEthiopiaKenyaMauritiusMoroccoSeychellesSouth AfricaTanzaniaAsiaAfghanistanBangladeshBhutanBruneiCambodiaChinaHong KongIndiaIndonesiaJapanKazakhstanLaosMalaysiaMaldivesMongoliaMyanmarNepalNorth KoreaPakistan\\n\\nJapan\\n16+ top value & best Michelin Star restaurants in Tokyo\\n\\nJapan\\nBest Michelin restaurants Kyoto. 16+ best Michelin star restaurants in Kyoto\\n\\nInspiration + Guide\\nWhat souvenirs to buy in Taiwan? 14+ must-have gifts & best…\\n\\nChina\\nWhere to go in Shanghai at night? 25+ must-visit & best…\\n\\n\\n\\n\\n\\nTrip Inspiration\\n\\n\\nAllAdventure + OutdoorsAmusement ParksBackpacking TripsBeachesBike ToursBlogBoating + CruisesBudget TravelBus + Train TravelCoasts + IslandsCountry TripsCultureFall VacationsFamily VacationsGreen TravelHeritage + HistoryHoneymoons + RomanceInspiration + GuideLandmarks + AttractionsLGBT TravelLuxuryMarkets + BazaarsMysteriesNational Parks + ReservesNature + WildlifeParks + GardensPets + AnimalsPhotographyRoad TripsShopping\\n\\nInspiration + Guide\\nWhat souvenirs to buy in Taiwan? 14+ must-have gifts & best…\\n\\nChina\\nWhere to go in Shanghai at night? 25+ must-visit & best…\\n\\nCountry Trips\\nTaiwan itinerary 3 days — How to spend & what to…\\n\\nChina\\nWhat to do in Shanghai at night? 21+ top activities &…\\n\\n\\n\\n\\n\\nTips\\n\\n\\nAllAdventure + OutdoorsAirlines + AirportsBudgeting + CurrencyBusiness TravelCelebrity TravelCruisesCustoms + ImmigrationDeals + RewardsFamily TravelHotels + ResortsLuggage + Packing TipsOffbeat NewsPhotography TipsResponsible TravelSolo TravelTech + GearTravel EtiquetteTravel Warnings\\n\\nTravel Etiquette\\nMuseum travel tips — 8 rules you need to know before…\\n\\nInspiration + Guide\\nThe complete Seoul subway guide: How to use, lines, fares for…\\n\\nSouth Korea\\nHow much does it cost to travel to Korea? Tips on…\\n\\nInspiration + Guide\\nThe ultimate guide to NETS FlashPay Card: What is it, how…\\n\\n\\n\\n\\n\\nFood + Drink\\n\\n\\nAllBars + ClubsBeerCelebrity ChefsRestaurants + CafésWine + Vineyards\\n\\nJapan\\n16+ top value & best Michelin Star restaurants in Tokyo\\n\\nJapan\\nBest Michelin restaurants Kyoto. 16+ best Michelin star restaurants in Kyoto\\n\\nFood + Drink\\n10 best Michelin Bib gourmand Taipei\\n\\nCambodia\\n19+ most popular & must try food in Cambodia\\n\\n\\n\\n\\n\\nHotels\\n\\n\\nAllBeach HotelsBoutique HotelsHotel OpeningsHotel ReviewsLuxury HotelsMountain + Ski ResortsSpa ResortsVacation Rentals\\n\\nHotels + Resorts\\n21+ most beautiful & best resorts in Chiang Mai for all…\\n\\nHotel Reviews\\n25+ best places to stay & best hotels in Seoul for…\\n\\nHotels + Resorts\\n11+ best homestays in Kuala Lumpur near famous tourist attractions\\n\\nHotel Reviews\\nMövenpick Resort Kuredhivaru Maldives reviews. The detailed review of my vacation…\\n\\n\\n\\n\\n\\nCruises\\n\\n\\nAllAsia CruisesEuropean Cruises\\n\\nCruises\\n10 must-know things for your best first time European river cruise\\n\\nVietnam\\nTop 3 best luxury cruises in Halong Bay, Vietnam\\n\\n\\n\\n\\n\\nArts + Culture\\n\\n\\nAllArtFestivals + EventsFilm + TVMuseums + Galleries\\n\\nFestivals + Events\\nCherry blossom festival Korea 2025 — Top 5 cherry blossom festivals…\\n\\nInspiration + Guide\\nGhibli museum blog — The fullest Ghibli museum guide for first-timers\\n\\nArts + Culture\\nKyoto festival — Top 10 best events & most famous festivals…\\n\\nInspiration + Guide\\nNational Palace Museum Taipei blog — What to see in National…\\n\\n\\n\\n\\n\\nPhotos\\n\\n\\n\\nFall Vacations\\nJapanese waterfall — Top 10 most beautiful waterfalls in Japan in…\\n\\nEurope\\n19+ most beautiful towns in Europe every tourist need to visit…\\n\\nGeorgia\\nGeorgia travel photos — 20+ captivating photos show Georgia is heaven…\\n\\nMarkets + Bazaars\\nExplore Damnoen Floating Market — The oldest floating market of Thailand\\n\\nChina\\nVisiting Fenghuang Ancient Town — One of the most charming ancient…\\n\\n\\n\\n\\n\\nMore\\n\\nStyle + Design\\nTravel’s Best\\nBlog\\nBookings\\nHotel with Agoda.com\\nHotel with Booking.com\\n\\n\\nLiving\\n\\n\\nBlog\\nMekong Delta travel blog — Beyond rivers of Southwestern Vietnam\\n\\nLiving\\n14 reasons why you should travel when you are young\\n\\nArts + Culture\\nShigaraki Tanuki – An animal symbol of good luck in Japan\\n\\nBlog\\nLiving in the charms of cave houses in Andalucia, Southern Spain\\n\\nArchitecture\\n20+ jaw-dropping tiny homes around the world\\n\\n\\n\\n\\n\\n\\n\\n\\n\\nChina\\nFood + Drink\\nInspiration + Guide\\n\\nWhat to eat in Nanjing? — 11+ best Nanjing street food & Nanjing famous food you must try\\nBy\\nNikki Dang\\n-\\nOctober 6, 2023\\n\\nNanjing, located in Jiangsu province, China, is a city with a rich history and cultural significance. It was the capital of several Chinese dynasties and served as the capital of the Republic of China in the early 20th century. Nanjing is known for its historical sites, beautiful landscapes, and, of course, its culinary specialties. So, what to eat in Nanjing? Let’s check out our suggested 11+ best food in Nanjing, Nanjing famous food and Nanjing street food you must try when coming to this beautiful ancient city!\\n\\nWhat to eat in Chengdu? — 19+ must-try, famous food & best Chengdu street food to eat\\nWhat to eat in Shanghai? — 17+ most popular, must eat & best street food in Shanghai\\nWhere to go in Shanghai at night? 25+ must-visit & best places to visit in Shanghai at night\\nWhat to do in Shanghai at night? 21+ top activities & best things to do in Shanghai at night\\n9+ most beautiful & best ancient towns in China\\n\\n \\nNanjing skyline\\n\\nA view of Nanjing Fuzimiao\\n\\nA busy street at Fuzimiao | nanjing street food\\n\\nNanjing street food | nanjing street food\\n\\n| nanjing street food\\nNanjing cuisine is one of the most influential and interesting features of China. Most visitors find the local delicacies here irresistible. Famous for its delicate preparation and rich flavors, each dish has its own charm. Now, let’s explore the best food of Nanjing and try it on your next visit to the “Capital of Six Dynasties” of China.\\n\\nNanjing typical food | nanjing street food\\nSalted Duck (top nanjing street food)\\nOne of Nanjing’s most beloved dishes is Nanjing salted duck. It is a traditional dish that has been enjoyed for centuries and holds a significant place in the local cuisine. It is a must-try specialty for food enthusiasts visiting the city, offering a unique and flavorful experience.\\n\\nNanjing salted duck | nanjing street food\\nThe preparation of Nanjing Salted Duck involves marinating the duck with a mixture of salt, spices, and other seasonings before air-drying or brining it. Nanjing salted duck has a unique flavor profile. The meat is savory, with a hint of sweetness and a delicate saltiness from the curing process. The skin is thin and crispy, offering a delightful contrast in texture to the tender meat.\\n\\nTexture of salted duck | nanjing street food\\nNanjing salted duck is typically served sliced, either as a standalone dish or as part of a larger meal. It is often accompanied by condiments like soy sauce, hoisin sauce, scallions, and cucumbers. The slices of salted duck can be wrapped in thin pancakes or enjoyed with steamed buns, allowing diners to create their own flavorful combinations.\\n\\nNanjing salted duck is typically served sliced | nanjing street food\\nWhere to try salted duck in Nanjing? (nanjing famous food)\\nWhen it comes to enjoying Nanjing salted duck, there are several popular addresses in Nanjing where you can savor this local delicacy. Here are a few renowned places:\\nNanjing Impressions: Hunan Walking Street, No.2 Shiziqiao Hunan Road. They serve authentic salted duck along with other local specialties in a nostalgic and culturally rich atmosphere.\\n\\nAt Nanjing Impressions | nanjing street food\\nLocal Street Food Stalls: In addition to restaurants, you can find street food stalls and local markets in Nanjing where vendors sell salted duck and other local delicacies. These stalls offer a more casual and authentic dining experience, allowing you to immerse yourself in the local food culture.\\n\\nA food stall selling salted ducks and roast ducks, @Visit Jiangsu FB | nanjing street food\\nJinling Roast Duck (what to eat in nanjing)\\nJinling roast duck is a famous variation of roast duck that originated in Nanjing. It is named after Nanjing’s historical moniker, “Jinling,” which means “capital of Jin.” Although Jinling roast duck is not as famous around the world as Pecking roast duck in Beijing, its taste and scrumptiousness are just as exceptional.\\n\\nJinling roast duck | nanjing street food\\nSimilar to other roast duck dishes, Jinling roast duck involves a meticulous preparation process. The duck is first cleaned and dressed, and then it is marinated with a combination of various seasonings and spices. The marinade typically includes soy sauce, ginger, garlic, sugar, and other aromatic ingredients. The duck is left to absorb the flavors for a specific period, ensuring a rich and well-seasoned taste.\\n\\nRoasted in a closed oven | nanjing street food\\nAfter the preparation process, the duck is traditionally roasted in a closed oven using fruit tree wood as fuel. This roasting technique helps impart a distinctive smoky aroma and a beautiful golden-brown color to the duck. The slow and controlled roasting process ensures that the meat remains tender and succulent while the skin becomes crispy.\\n\\nJinling roast ducks ready on hooks | nanjing street food\\nWhen the roast duck is ready to serve, the meat is tender and juicy, infused with the aromatic blend of spices from the marinade. The skin is thin and crispy, providing a delightful contrast in texture. The combination of the savory meat and the flavorful skin creates a harmonious and satisfying taste.\\n\\nTender and juicy texture, @Maggie-Hiufu-Wong/CNN | nanjing street food\\nJinling roast duck is typically served sliced, accompanied by thin pancakes or steamed buns. The slices of duck are traditionally enjoyed by wrapping them in pancakes along with condiments like hoisin sauce, cucumber, scallions, and sometimes sugar or garlic paste.\\n\\nA good pair\\nWhere to try salted duck in Nanjing? (best food in nanjing)\\nNanjing Impressions: Hunan Walking Street, No.2 Shiziqiao Hunan Road, Nanjing.\\nNanjing Deji Plaza: 18 Zhongshan Rd, Xuanwu District, Nanjing. Deji Plaza is a popular shopping and dining complex in Nanjing. It houses several restaurants that serve Jinling roast duck, allowing you to savor this local specialty while exploring the vibrant city center.\\n\\nAnother way to enjoy Jinling roast duck is in thin slices | nanjing street food\\nFuzimiao (Confucius Temple) area and Shiziqiao Food Street, can also lead you to hidden gems and smaller establishments where you can indulge in authentic Jinling roast duck.\\n\\nShiziqiao Food Street | nanjing street food\\nDuck Blood Vermicelli Soup\\nDuck blood vermicelli soup, also known as “Ya Xue Fen Si Tang” in Chinese, is a popular dish in Nanjing cuisine. The name of this dish sounds strange and you will surely be very curious, wondering how blood and soup are combined.\\n\\nDuck blood vermicelli soup | nanjing street food\\nThe soup is prepared by simmering the ingredients together in a flavorful broth. The duck blood curd is sliced and added to the soup, where it absorbs the flavors of the broth. The vermicelli noodles, duck meat, tofu, mushrooms, and other ingredients are also cooked in the broth until they are tender and infused with the soup’s flavors.\\n\\nA portion served in a small clay pot | nanjing street food\\nDuck blood vermicelli soup has a rich and savory flavor. The broth is usually seasoned with ingredients like soy sauce, ginger, garlic, and sometimes chili or other spices to add a touch of heat. The duck blood curd has a unique gelatinous texture and a mild, slightly metallic taste that blends well with the other ingredients in the soup.\\n\\nA flavorful bowl of duck blood vermicelli soup | nanjing street food\\nIt is typically served hot in a bowl and often garnished with chopped scallions or cilantro for added freshness and flavor. You can find duck blood vermicelli soup easily in Nanjing, especially at food stalls in Fuzimiao food street for only 0.5 USD. You should try this delicious dish.\\nEgg Shaomai\\nEgg shaomai, also known as “Dan Zi Shao Mai” in Chinese, is a popular street food and dim sum dish in Nanjing. It is primarily made with a combination of eggs, ground pork, shrimp, mushrooms, and other seasonings. The filling is typically mixed together and wrapped in a thin, delicate dumpling wrapper. It is a must-try when exploring the local food scene in Nanjing.\\n\\nEgg shaomai | nanjing famous food\\nThe preparation process for egg shaomai involves several steps. The filling ingredients are finely chopped or minced and mixed together with seasonings like soy sauce, ginger, garlic, and sometimes sesame oil or other spices. The mixture is then spooned onto a dumpling wrapper, folded into a pleated shape, and topped with a small piece of shrimp.\\nOnce assembled, the egg shaomai are traditionally steamed in bamboo steamers, allowing them to cook gently and retain their moisture. The steaming process ensures that the dumpling wrappers become soft and translucent while the filling is cooked to perfection.\\n\\nAnother look of egg shaomai | nanjing famous food\\nEgg shaomai has a delightful combination of flavors. The filling is savory and rich, with the umami taste of the pork and shrimp complemented by the earthiness of mushrooms and the aroma of seasonings. The addition of the egg provides a silky and creamy texture to the filling, enhancing its overall taste.\\n\\nEgg shaomai at Halal Ma Xiangxing restaurant | nanjing famous food\\nEgg shaomai is typically served in bamboo steamers, with each steamer holding several pieces of shaomai. It is often enjoyed as a snack or as part of a dim sum meal. The shaomai can be eaten on their own or dipped in condiments such as soy sauce, chili oil, or a combination of sauces for added flavor.\\nWonderful egg shaomai at Halal Ma Xiangxing restaurant is recommended – where the dish was invented for a Chinese general who loved shaomai and shrimp. Here, they use fresh shrimp made into a paste and wrapped in a thin egg-based dumpling. Address: No.32, Yunnan North Road, Gulou District, Nanjing; open daily from 6:30 a.m. to 8:30 p.m.\\n\\n| nanjing famous food\\nTangbao (soup dumplings)\\nTangbao, also known as soup dumplings, is a type of dumpling filled with a flavorful broth and a mixture of meat and/or vegetables. They are known for their delicate and thin dumpling wrappers, which contain a hot, savory soup inside.\\n\\nTangbao (soup dumplings) | nanjing famous food\\nThe filling of Tangbao typically consists of minced pork, shrimp, crab meat, or a combination of these ingredients. Other variations may include vegetables such as bamboo shoots or mushrooms. The broth is made by simmering meat or bones, along with aromatic spices and seasonings, to create a flavorful and gelatinous soup.\\n\\nInviting tangbao | nanjing famous food\\nTangbao are traditionally steamed in bamboo steamers, which allows the dumplings to cook gently and retain their shape and juiciness. The steaming process activates the gelatin in the broth, transforming it into a hot, savory soup that is locked inside the dumpling.\\n\\nTangbao served in a bamboo steamer | nanjing street food\\nEnjoying Tangbao is a unique experience. The dumplings are typically served in bamboo steamers or small plates. To eat them, you can use chopsticks to carefully lift a Tangbao from the steamer, taking care not to puncture the delicate wrapper. You can then place the dumpling on a spoon and take a small bite from the corner to release the hot soup. Be cautious as the broth may be hot. You can then savor the combination of the flavorful soup and the filling. You will definitely fall in love with this adorable snack!\\n\\nWhat a delicious look! | nanjing famous food\\nTangbao are often served with a dipping sauce made from a combination of soy sauce, vinegar, and sometimes ginger or chili oil. This sauce adds an extra layer of tanginess and enhances the overall flavor of the dumplings.\\n\\nTangbao served with a dipping sauce | nanjing famous food\\nNanjing is known for its rich Tangbao culture, and there are numerous restaurants and street food stalls throughout the city that specialize in this dish. Some recommended places for you are:\\nYinshi Jishi Tangbao: No. 398 Mochou Road, Baixia District, Nanjing. They’re open every day from 6:30 a.m. to 7:30 p.m, and it costs about 1.8 USD for eight small bite-sized pieces of Tangbao.\\nFuzimiao (Confucius Temple) and Hunan Road are particularly renowned for their Tangbao offerings.\\nPan-fried Beef Dumplings\\nPan-fried beef dumplings, also known as “Guo Tie” or “Jian Jiao” in Chinese, are a popular street food and snack in Nanjing. Pan-fried beef dumplings are a type of dumplings made with a thin wheat-based wrapper filled with a savory mixture of ground beef and seasonings. They are pan-fried until crispy on the bottom while maintaining a tender and juicy filling.\\n\\nPan-fried beef dumplings | nanjing famous food\\nThe filling for pan-fried beef dumplings typically consists of minced or ground beef combined with aromatics such as ginger, garlic, and green onions. Additional seasonings may include soy sauce, sesame oil, and sometimes spices like Sichuan peppercorns for a hint of heat.\\n\\nA tender and juicy filling | what to eat in nanjing\\nThe dumplings are cooked in a hot, oiled skillet or pan. They are first placed flat-side down and allowed to cook until the bottom becomes golden and crispy. Water is then added to the pan, and the dumplings are covered to steam. This steaming process helps to cook the filling thoroughly and ensure it remains juicy and tender. Once the water has evaporated, the dumplings continue to fry until the bottom becomes crispy again.\\n\\nThe dumplings are cooked in a hot, oiled skillet or pan. | what to eat in nanjing\\nPan-fried beef dumplings are typically served with a dipping sauce that adds an extra layer of flavor. Common dipping sauces include soy sauce, vinegar, and sometimes chili oil or sesame oil. Some people also enjoy adding minced garlic or ginger to the dipping sauce for additional zing.\\n\\n| what to eat in nanjing\\nWhere to try Pan-fried beef dumplings? (nanjing street food)\\nLiji Halal restaurant: No. 1, Dading Xiang, Pingshi Jie, Baixia District, Nanjing. The restaurant is open from 5:30 a.m. to 7:30 p.m. at a cost of around 0.7 USD for five pieces.\\n\\nLiji Halal Restaurant | what to eat in nanjing\\nPan-fried beef dumplings can also be found in various street food stalls, local eateries throughout Nanjing. They are often freshly made to order, ensuring their crispiness and deliciousness.\\nStinky Tofu\\nStinky tofu, also known as “Chou Dou Fu” in Chinese, is a unique and polarizing street food in Nanjing. Whether you love stinky tofu or find it challenging, it is an intriguing culinary experience that represents the bold and diverse food culture of Nanjing.\\n\\nStinky tofu street food | what to eat in nanjing\\nThe process of making stinky tofu involves several steps. First, fresh tofu is soaked in brine made with various ingredients like fermented vegetables, dried shrimp, and spices. The tofu is then left to ferment for a period of time, from a few days to several weeks, depending on the desired intensity of flavor. After fermentation, the tofu is typically deep-fried until it develops a crispy golden exterior.\\n\\nStinky tofu cubes with crispy golden exterior | what to eat in nanjing\\nStinky tofu has a strong and pungent smell, which some describe as resembling rotten garbage or cheese. However, despite its odor, the taste of stinky tofu is often milder and more savory. The fermentation process gives the tofu a unique and complex flavor, with hints of umami and a slightly sour or tangy note.\\n\\n| what to eat in nanjing\\nStinky tofu is commonly served as a street food snack in Nanjing. It is often cut into bite-sized pieces and skewered on bamboo sticks. The tofu is then deep-fried until crispy and served piping hot. It can be enjoyed on its own or dipped in a variety of sauces, such as soy sauce, chili sauce, or a combination of sauces to balance the flavors.\\n\\nStinky tofu skewer | what to eat in nanjing\\nNanjing is dotted with street food stalls and night markets where you can find vendors cooking up and serving this pungent delicacy. Popular areas such as Fuzimiao (Confucius Temple) and Xinjiekou are particularly known for their stinky tofu offerings.\\n\\nStinky tofu street food stall | what to eat in nanjing\\nGansi Tofu\\nGansi tofu is another beloved tofu dish in Nanjing, appreciated for its simplicity, gentle flavors, and comforting qualities.\\n\\nGansi tofu | best food in nanjing\\nThe main components of Gansi tofu are tofu and a clear broth. The tofu used is typically a soft or silken variety that has a smooth and custard-like texture. The broth is made by simmering ingredients such as dried shiitake mushrooms, bamboo shoots, dried shrimp, or chicken bones to extract their flavors.\\n\\nSome ingredients of to cook Gansi | best food in nanjing\\nTo make Gansi tofu, the tofu is first cut into small cubes or slices. The broth is prepared separately by simmering the ingredients in water to create a fragrant and flavorful base. The tofu is then gently added to the broth to heat through without breaking apart. The broth provides a savory and aromatic base, while the tofu absorbs the flavors of the broth, adding a creamy and delicate taste to the dish. The combination of the two creates a comforting and satisfying experience.\\n\\nGansi broth with chicken | best food in nanjing\\nGansi tofu is typically served in a small bowl or individual soup bowls. The tofu cubes are immersed in the broth, and the dish is garnished with chopped green onions or cilantro for added freshness and visual appeal. It can be enjoyed on its own or served alongside other dishes as part of a larger meal. It pairs well with steamed rice, as the rice can be mixed with the broth to create a flavorful combination. Some people also enjoy adding soy sauce, vinegar, or chili oil to enhance the taste.\\n\\n| best food in nanjing\\nGansi tofu is commonly found in local eateries, traditional restaurants, and even street food stalls in Nanjing. You can enjoy this dish at Nanjing Impressions at No. 2, Shiziqiao, Gulou District for 3.5 USD per bowl.\\n\\nServing portions in small bowls | best food in nanjing\\nMandarin Sweet and Sour Fish\\nMandarin-style sweet and sour fish, also known as “Tang Cu Yu” in Chinese, is a regional variation of the classic Chinese sweet and sour fish dish. It reflects the culinary style and flavor preferences of the Mandarin cuisine, which is prevalent in the northern regions of China, including Nanjing.\\n\\nMandarin-style sweet and sour fish | best food in nanjing\\nThe fish is typically marinated with salt, pepper, and sometimes Shaoxing wine or rice wine for added flavor. It is then coated with cornstarch or a batter made from a combination of flour and cornstarch and deep-fried until golden and crispy. The sauce is prepared separately by combining vinegar, sugar, ketchup, soy sauce, and other seasonings in a wok or saucepan.\\n\\n| best food in nanjing\\nMandarin sweet and sour fish emphasizes a balance of sweet and sour flavors. The sauce has a tangy and slightly sweet taste, with a hint of saltiness from the soy sauce. Nanjing-style sweet and sour fish often leans towards a slightly sweeter profile compared to other regional variations. The crispy fried fish provides a delightful contrast to the sauce, offering a combination of textures.\\n\\nSweet and sour fish fillets | best food in nanjing\\nMandarin sweet and sour fish in Nanjing is typically served hot and garnished with sliced green onions or cilantro for freshness and visual appeal. It is often presented on a large plate or a serving platter, allowing the vibrant fish and sauce to be showcased. This dish is definitely suitable for a warm family meal. So, give it a try when you visit Nanjing!\\n\\nAnother presentation of sweet and sour fish | best food in nanjing\\nFreshwater Crabs\\nFreshwater crabs, also known as “Nan Jing Da Zha Xie” in Chinese, refer to crabs that are harvested from the rivers, lakes, and fields around Nanjing. They are known for their delicate flavor, tender meat, and unique characteristics specific to the region.\\n\\n| best food in nanjing\\nFreshwater crabs are often prepared by steaming or boiling to preserve their natural flavors. Before cooking, the crabs are cleaned and seasoned. They are then cooked until their shells turn a vibrant orange-red color. The crabs are typically served whole, and the meat is enjoyed by cracking the shell and extracting it using specialized crab utensils.\\n\\nThere are various ways to enjoy freshwater crabs in Nanjing. Some popular dishes include steamed whole crabs, crab roe xiaolongbao (steamed soup dumplings), crab meat-filled dumplings, stir-fried crab with ginger and scallions, and crab meat fried rice. These dishes showcase the natural sweetness and unique characteristics of the crabs.\\n\\nWhere to try freshwater crabs in Nanjing?\\nGao You Seafood Street: Located in the Gaochun District of Nanjing, this street is lined with seafood restaurants specializing in freshwater field crab dishes. It’s a popular destination for locals and visitors alike.\\n\\nA street food stall offering crabs\\nNanjing Hexi Crab Market: This market is dedicated to freshwater field crabs and offers a vibrant atmosphere where you can select live crabs and have them prepared on-site at the market’s restaurants.\\nOf course, there are more options of food when it comes to Nanjing cuisine, but we hope those top specialties of the place will satisfy your food adventure on your next visit to Nanjing.\\n\\nSome best day tours, trips, activities and transfer services, tickets in, from and to Nanjing you can refer to\\n\\nPorcelain Tower of Nanjing\\nNanjing Presidential Palace Ticket\\nNanjing City Private Car Charter\\nDaming Mansion Zhanyuan Garden Ticket in Nanjing\\nChaotian Palace Ticket in Nanjing (For Mainland China ID Holders)\\nNanjing Zhouyuan Ticket\\nYufa Ecotourism Area Ticket in Nanjing\\nZiqinghu Hotspring Ticket in Nanjing\\nHongshan Forest Zoo Ticket in Nanjing (For Mainland Chinese Citizens Only)\\nMing Xiaoling Mausoleum Ticket\\n\\n\\nRead more China guide here and Nanjing guide here.\\nRelated articles\\n\\nTokyo itinerary 7 days — How to spend 7 days in Tokyo & what to do in Tokyo for 7 days\\nZermatt travel blog — The fullest Zermatt travel guide blog & the detailed Zermatt itinerary 2 days\\n5 best islands in Southeast Asia to discover in this summer\\n16+ photos show the beautiful of sunscapes in the Sea of Cortez, Mexico\\nKa Lam Retreat Ninh Van Bay — The 5-star resort in Nha Trang, Vietnam\\nSinai blog — The quick Sinai travel guide for a journey to the sacred land of Egypt\\n1 day in Melbourne — How to spend 24 hours in Melbourne & Explore the best of Melbourne in a day perfectly?\\nSapporo itinerary — How to spend 36 hours in Sapporo at the weekend?\\n\\n\\nNikki Dang\\nRELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR\\n\\nInspiration + Guide\\nWhat souvenirs to buy in Taiwan? 14+ must-have gifts & best souvenirs to buy in Taiwan\\n\\nChina\\nWhere to go in Shanghai at night? 25+ must-visit & best places to visit in Shanghai at night\\n\\nCountry Trips\\nTaiwan itinerary 3 days — How to spend & what to do in Taiwan for 3 days perfectly?\\n\\nChina\\nWhat to do in Shanghai at night? 21+ top activities & best things to do in Shanghai at night\\n\\nFood + Drink\\n10 best Michelin Bib gourmand Taipei\\n\\nInspiration + Guide\\n15+ most famous & must visit places in NYC\\n\\nChina\\n9+ most beautiful & best ancient towns in China\\n\\nInspiration + Guide\\nTop +18 attractions & best places to visit in New York City\\n\\nGreece\\n15+ top places to visit & fun things to do in Athens\\n\\nEDITOR PICKS\\n\\n16+ top value & best Michelin Star restaurants in Tokyo\\nFebruary 14, 2025\\n\\nBest Michelin restaurants Kyoto. 16+ best Michelin star restaurants in Kyoto\\nFebruary 13, 2025\\n\\nWhat souvenirs to buy in Taiwan? 14+ must-have gifts & best...\\nFebruary 12, 2025\\nPOPULAR POSTS\\n\\nWhat to buy in USA? — 17+ must buy in USA...\\nApril 29, 2024\\n\\nWhat to buy in Korea? — Top +23 cheap, famous &...\\nApril 29, 2024\\n\\nMust buy souvenir in Taiwan — Top 17+ most famous, cheap...\\nJuly 5, 2023\\nPOPULAR CATEGORY\\n\\nInspiration + Guide1613\\nTrip Inspiration468\\nJapan247\\nFood + Drink235\\nThailand224\\nCoasts + Islands206\\nSouth Korea186\\nVietnam172\\nTaiwan150\\n\\n\\nABOUT US\\nLiving Nomads celebrates and is inspired by explorers and their passion for travel, curiosity about the world and unique points of view. Travel is eye-opening. Curious. Daring. Fun. We are here to help you travel better, cheaper & longer! Discover the art of traveling anywhere you want.\\nContact us: hello@livingnomads.com\\nFOLLOW US\\nPatreon Vimeo Youtube\\n\\nAbout Us\\nWork for Us\\nContact Us\\nTerms & Conditions\\nPrivacy Policy\\n\\n© Copyright 2025 – Living + Nomads™. All rights reserved.\\nBy using this service and related content, you agree to the use of cookies for analytics, personalised content and ads.OkLearn more\"}, {\"type\": \"page\", \"title\": \"Discover the Best Traditional Foods of Nanjing: A Culinary Journey\", \"url\": \"https://www.eastchinatrip.com/nanjing-traditional-foods-guide/\", \"content\": \"Must-Try Traditional Nanjing Cuisine · Nanjing Roast Duck · Chicken Broth Buns · Duck Blood and Vermicelli Soup · Beef Potstickers · Tripe\", \"score\": 0.87139857}, {\"type\": \"image\", \"image_url\": \"http://i2.cdn.turner.com/cnnnext/dam/assets/151019152530-dsc-0380-super-169.jpg\", \"image_description\": \"A plate features a large, intricately arranged dish of deep-fried fish with a savory sauce, topped with diced vegetables, green peas, and shrimp, accentuating the flavors of Nanjing's special cuisine.\"}, {\"type\": \"image\", \"image_url\": \"https://www.gonanjingchina.com/sites/default/files/images/things-to-do/food/Lotus_Root_Stuffed_with_Rice_thumb.jpg\", \"image_description\": \"Sliced pieces of a glutinous rice dish are arranged on a plate, drizzled with a glossy sauce and topped with sesame seeds, set against a backdrop of green leaves.\"}, {\"type\": \"image\", \"image_url\": \"https://suzhouprivatetour.com/upload/ueditor/image/20180103/6365060333158203126041874.jpg\", \"image_description\": \"A lavish spread of traditional Nanjing dishes featuring an array of beautifully plated seafood, meats, vegetables, and garnishes, all arranged elegantly on multiple dishes around a circular table.\"}, {\"type\": \"image\", \"image_url\": \"https://www.eastchinatrip.com/wp-content/uploads/1.-南京烤鸭.webp\", \"image_description\": \"A succulent roasted duck, glistening in savory sauce, is presented on a serving tray, showcasing its crispy skin and tender meat.\"}, {\"type\": \"image\", \"image_url\": \"http://laviezine.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/09/Top-Ten-Nanjing-Foods.jpg\", \"image_description\": \"A vibrant red bowl filled with a sweet soup containing small white dumplings and black beans, accompanied by a spoon, is highlighted against a blurred background that suggests a restaurant setting.\"}]", "tool_call_id": ""}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-92a7c866-3492-46a0-aad1-7aa02af3d536", "role": "assistant", "content": "The web"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-92a7c866-3492-46a0-aad1-7aa02af3d536", "role": "assistant", "content": " search results provide a good starting point for identifying traditional Nanjing dishes. Several dishes are mentioned repeatedly"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-92a7c866-3492-46a0-aad1-7aa02af3d536", "role": "assistant", "content": " across different sources, suggesting their significance in Nanjing's culinary heritage.\n\nHere's a"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-92a7c866-3492-46a0-aad1-7aa02af3d536", "role": "assistant", "content": " summary of the initial findings:\n\n*   **Nanjing Salted Duck (南京盐水鸭):** This is a very popular dish, often considered a must-"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-92a7c866-3492-46a0-aad1-7aa02af3d536", "role": "assistant", "content": "try when visiting Nanjing. It involves marinating a duck with salt and spices, then air-drying or brining it.\n*   **Jinling Roast Duck ("}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-92a7c866-3492-46a0-aad1-7aa02af3d536", "role": "assistant", "content": "金陵烤鸭):** A variation of roast duck, similar to Peking duck but with its own unique flavor profile. It's known for its crispy skin and tender meat.\n*   **Duck Blood Vermicelli Soup (鸭血粉丝汤):"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-92a7c866-3492-46a0-aad1-7aa02af3d536", "role": "assistant", "content": "** A savory soup made with duck blood curd, vermicelli noodles, duck meat, and other ingredients.\n*   **Tangbao (汤包):** Soup dumplings filled with broth and meat or vegetables. They are known for their thin"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-92a7c866-3492-46a0-aad1-7aa02af3d536", "role": "assistant", "content": " skin and flavorful filling.\n*   **Egg Shaomai (蛋饺烧卖):** A type of steamed dumpling made with eggs, ground pork, shrimp, mushrooms, and seasonings.\n*   **Pan-fried Beef Dumplings (牛肉锅贴):** Dumplings filled with ground beef and seasonings, pan-"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-92a7c866-3492-46a0-aad1-7aa02af3d536", "role": "assistant", "content": "fried until crispy on the bottom.\n*   **Stinky Tofu (臭豆腐):** A fermented tofu dish with a strong odor but a unique savory flavor.\n*   **Gansi Tofu (干丝):** A simple dish consisting of silken tofu in a clear broth.\n*   **"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-92a7c866-3492-46a0-aad1-7aa02af3d536", "role": "assistant", "content": "Mandarin Sweet and Sour Fish (糖醋鱼):** A regional variation of the classic sweet and sour fish dish.\n*   **Freshwater Crabs (大闸蟹):** Crabs harvested from the rivers and lakes around Nanjing, known for their delicate flavor.\n\nI will now perform more targeted searches to"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-92a7c866-3492-46a0-aad1-7aa02af3d536", "role": "assistant", "content": " gather detailed information about each of these dishes. I'll start with Nanjing Salted Duck.\n\n"}

event: tool_calls
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-92a7c866-3492-46a0-aad1-7aa02af3d536", "role": "assistant", "finish_reason": "tool_calls", "tool_calls": [{"name": "web_search", "args": {"query": "Nanjing Salted Duck recipe ingredients preparation"}, "id": "", "type": "tool_call"}], "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": "web_search", "args": "{\"query\":\"Nanjing Salted Duck recipe ingredients preparation\"}", "id": "", "index": null, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_result
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "cecb4603-765b-4187-9c68-fcc6e897d5e4", "role": "assistant", "content": "[{\"type\": \"page\", \"title\": \"The authentic recipe for Nanjing Salted Duck | Chinafoodbook\", \"url\": \"https://www.chinafoodbook.com/700eb1e8de.html\", \"content\": \"Here is the authentic recipe for Nanjing Salted Duck: Prepare the ingredients: duck meat, salt, cooking wine, ginger, scallion, star anise, bay leaves, cinnamon, white pepper powder. Wash the duck meat and cut it into pieces. Put the duck meat into a pot, add enough water, and add salt, cooking wine, ginger, scallion, star anise, bay leaves\", \"score\": 0.9617967}, {\"type\": \"page\", \"title\": \"Nanjing Salted Duck Recipe - Simple Chinese Food\", \"url\": \"https://simplechinesefood.com/recipe/nanjing-salted-duck\", \"content\": \"Nanjing Salted Duck. 1. Prepare clean duck legs, kimchi salt, pepper, green onion ginger and chicken essence, etc. 2. Pour the pepper and kimchi salt into the wok, stir-fry on a medium-low heat, and the kimchi salt is slightly yellow, turn off the heat and let cool ... Massage the duck legs, spread the ingredients evenly on the duck legs, and\", \"score\": 0.92125154}, {\"type\": \"page\", \"title\": \"Nanjing Salted Duck Recipe - Cook Your Yummy Cuisine\", \"url\": \"https://cookyouryum.com/recipes/chinese/nanjing-salted-duck/\", \"content\": \"| Duck (whole) | 1 (about 4-5 lbs) | Opt for a fresh duck to achieve the best flavor and texture in your Nanjing Salted Duck. |\\n| Coarse salt | 1 cup | This is essential for the curing process that gives the duck its signature flavor. |\\n| Szechuan peppercorns | 1 tablespoon | Provides a unique, numbing spice that adds depth to the dish. |\\n| Star anise | 2 pods | This aromatic spice elevates the overall flavor profile, giving it a warm undertone. | [...] | Ginger | 4 slices | Fresh ginger enhances aroma and flavor, making the dish more aromatic. |\\n| Garlic | 4 cloves | Fresh garlic enhances the aroma and depth of flavor in Nanjing Salted Duck. |\\n| Green onions | 2 stalks | Used in the cooking process for added fragrance and taste. |\\n| Soy sauce | 1/4 cup | Adds a savory component that complements the saltiness of the dish. |\\nStep-by-Step Instructions [...] Prepare the Duck: Rinse the duck thoroughly under cold water and pat it dry with paper towels. This ensures that the salt adheres well during the curing process.\\nSalt Cure: In a bowl, mix the coarse salt with Szechuan peppercorns, star anise, ginger, and crushed garlic. Rub this mixture generously all over the duck, including the cavity. Place the duck in a large dish, cover it with plastic wrap, and let it cure in the fridge for 24 hours.\", \"score\": 0.91175514, \"raw_content\": \"Published Time: 2025-02-16T22:59:48+00:00\\nNanjing Salted Duck Recipe - Cook Your Yummy Cuisine\\n\\n\\nHome\\nRecipes\\nBrazilian\\nChinese\\nEthiopian\\nFrench\\nGreek\\nIndian\\nItalian\\nJapanese\\nKorean\\nLebanese\\nMexican\\nMoroccan\\nPeruvian\\nSpanish\\nThai\\nTurkish\\nVietnamese\\n\\n\\nPrivacy Policy\\nTerms of Service\\nAbout us\\nContact us\\n\\n\\nChinese\\nNanjing Salted Duck\\nFebruary 16, 2025 0 Comments\\n\\n\\nNanjing Salted Duck, or Salted Duck, is a beloved delicacy hailing from the historic city of Nanjing, China. This dish boasts a rich cultural heritage and tantalizes the taste buds with its unique blend of spices and tender meat. The preparation involves a meticulous salt-curing process that not only enhances the flavor but also preserves the duck, making it a popular choice during festive occasions and traditional banquets.\\nIn this article, you will learn how to make Nanjing Salted Duck at home, uncover its essential ingredients, and explore some variations that can elevate your dining experience. Whether you’re a seasoned chef or a novice cook, this guide will help you master the art of crafting this mouthwatering dish!\\nIngredients\\n| Ingredient | Measurement | Description |\\n| --- | --- | --- |\\n| Duck (whole) | 1 (about 4-5 lbs) | Opt for a fresh duck to achieve the best flavor and texture in your Nanjing Salted Duck. |\\n| Coarse salt | 1 cup | This is essential for the curing process that gives the duck its signature flavor. |\\n| Szechuan peppercorns | 1 tablespoon | Provides a unique, numbing spice that adds depth to the dish. |\\n| Star anise | 2 pods | This aromatic spice elevates the overall flavor profile, giving it a warm undertone. |\\n| Ginger | 4 slices | Fresh ginger enhances aroma and flavor, making the dish more aromatic. |\\n| Garlic | 4 cloves | Fresh garlic enhances the aroma and depth of flavor in Nanjing Salted Duck. |\\n| Green onions | 2 stalks | Used in the cooking process for added fragrance and taste. |\\n| Soy sauce | 1/4 cup | Adds a savory component that complements the saltiness of the dish. |\\nStep-by-Step Instructions\\n\\nPrepare the Duck: Rinse the duck thoroughly under cold water and pat it dry with paper towels. This ensures that the salt adheres well during the curing process.\\nSalt Cure: In a bowl, mix the coarse salt with Szechuan peppercorns, star anise, ginger, and crushed garlic. Rub this mixture generously all over the duck, including the cavity. Place the duck in a large dish, cover it with plastic wrap, and let it cure in the fridge for 24 hours.\\nRinse and Dry: After the curing time, remove the duck from the fridge. Rinse off the salt mixture under cold running water. Pat the duck dry once again. This step helps in balancing the flavors.\\nPrepare for Cooking: In a pot, bring water to a boil and add the green onions and soy sauce for extra flavor. Once boiling, carefully add the duck into the pot.\\nSimmer: Reduce the heat and let the duck simmer for about 1.5 hours. This slow cooking method ensures the meat becomes tender and absorbs all the aromatic flavors.\\nCool and Serve: Once cooked, remove the duck from the pot and let it cool slightly. Slice it into serving pieces and enjoy your homemade Nanjing Salted Duck with steamed rice or pickled vegetables.\\n\\nPro Tips\\n\\nUse Fresh Ingredients: Fresh herbs and spices can significantly enhance the flavor of your Nanjing Salted Duck.\\nAdjust Saltiness: If you prefer a less salty flavor, reduce the curing time to 12 hours.\\nExperiment with Marinades: Feel free to add your favorite spices or marinate the duck in soy sauce and wine for additional flavors.\\nServe with Condiments: Pairing this dish with a light sauce or fresh herbs can complement its rich flavors wonderfully.\\nReheat Gently: When reheating, do so gently to maintain the tenderness of the meat.\\n\\nNutritional Information\\n| Nutritional Component | Per Serving (100g) |\\n| --- | --- |\\n| Calories | 230 |\\n| Protein | 20g |\\n| Carbohydrates | 1g |\\n| Saturated Fats | 6g |\\n| Fiber | 0g |\\n| Cholesterol | 80mg |\\n| Sugars | 0g |\\n| Fat | 17g |\\nFAQs\\nWhat is the best way to store Nanjing Salted Duck?\\nTo store Nanjing Salted Duck, keep it wrapped tightly in plastic wrap or aluminum foil in the refrigerator for up to four days, or freeze it for longer storage.\\nCan Nanjing Salted Duck be made vegan or gluten-free?\\nWhile traditional Nanjing Salted Duck is not vegan, you could substitute duck with a firm tofu or seitan and use gluten-free soy sauce to create a similar flavor profile.\\nWhat are the best side dishes to serve with Nanjing Salted Duck?\\nSome popular side dishes include steamed rice, stir-fried vegetables, and pickled radishes, which balance the rich flavors of the duck.\\nHow long does it take to prepare Nanjing Salted Duck?\\nPreparation time is about 20 minutes, but remember to account for the 24 hours of curing time, plus 1.5 hours for cooking!\\nCan I freeze Nanjing Salted Duck for later?\\nYes, Nanjing Salted Duck freezes well. Just wrap it tightly in freezer-safe packaging for up to three months.\\nIs Nanjing Salted Duck spicy?\\nIt has a mild spice profile due to Szechuan peppercorns, providing a unique flavor without being too hot. Adjust the amount according to your preference!\\nCan I use other meats instead of duck?\\nWhile traditional recipes call for duck, you can experiment with chicken or even pork; however, cooking times may vary.\\nWhat’s the secret to achieving tender meat?\\nThe key lies in the slow simmering process, which allows the meat to absorb all the flavors while remaining tender.\\nNanjing Salted Duck isn’t just a dish; it’s a culinary experience that brings the flavors of Nanjing right to your home. From its unique curing process to the deliciously tender meat, every bite tells a story of tradition and flavor. We encourage you to try making this delightful dish at home and share your experience. Did you like it? Any personal twists you added? Tried this Nanjing Salted Duck recipe? Let us know your experience in the comments!\\n\\nRate this Recipe\\nRelated posts:\\nPeking Duck Dim Sum Kung Pao Chicken Mapo Tofu\\nShare Article:\\n\\n\\nMei Ling Zhang\\nMei Ling Zhang is a celebrated food writer and chef who grew up in Guangzhou, China. With a deep knowledge of Cantonese cuisine and other regional Chinese specialties, Mei Ling combines tradition with creativity in her cooking. Her passion for exploring bold flavors and unique textures has made her a sought-after voice in the culinary world. When she’s not experimenting in the kitchen, Mei Ling enjoys traveling and discovering hidden food gems.\\n\\nFebruary 16, 2025\\nTako Sunomono\\n\\n\\nFebruary 16, 2025\\nLamb Tagine With Dates\\n\\nLeave a Reply Cancel reply\\nSave my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.\\nΔ\\nSearch\\nSearch\\nRecent Posts\\n\\nSauce Maître D’Hôtel\\nRava Dosa\\nFennel And Apple Salad\\nPicadinho (Diced Beef Stew)\\nAloo Posto\\n\\nRecent Comments\\nNo comments to show.\\n\\nCopyright 2025\\n\"}, {\"type\": \"image\", \"image_url\": \"https://thewoksoflife.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/07/nanjing-salted-duck-3-1-599x599.jpg\", \"image_description\": \"Two pieces of Nanjing Salted Duck are displayed on a wooden board, one whole and one sliced, showcasing their tender, yellowish skin.\"}, {\"type\": \"image\", \"image_url\": \"https://img.simplechinesefood.com/15/158554ff114032af4770299259a6e1c0.jpg\", \"image_description\": \"Raw duck pieces are placed in a yellow bowl and topped with slices of ginger, green onions, star anise, cinnamon, and a bowl of salt nearby.\"}, {\"type\": \"image\", \"image_url\": \"http://www.chinadaily.com.cn/regional/attachement/jpg/site1/20160831/286ed488c7ce1930ee1b01.jpg\", \"image_description\": \"Slices of Nanjing Salted Duck are presented on a white plate, garnished with a sprinkle of green parsley and a purple flower, against a dark background with calligraphic designs.\"}, {\"type\": \"image\", \"image_url\": \"https://homenaturallymade.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/10/DSC0087-v2-719x1024.jpg\", \"image_description\": \"A plate piled with neatly chopped and shredded Nanjing salted duck sits in the foreground, accompanied by a bowl of green vegetables in a broth in the background.\"}, {\"type\": \"image\", \"image_url\": \"https://saucedupfoods.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/06/IMG_5615-1-scaled.jpg\", \"image_description\": \"A green plate holds neatly arranged slices of Nanjing salted duck alongside a bowl of fluffy white rice and a cup of tea, with chopsticks resting on the plate.\"}]", "tool_call_id": ""}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-f121344c-f099-46e8-a8ee-087cef3b9a33", "role": "assistant", "content": "Based"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-f121344c-f099-46e8-a8ee-087cef3b9a33", "role": "assistant", "content": " on the search results, here's a consolidated description of Nanjing Salted Duck:\n\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-f121344c-f099-46e8-a8ee-087cef3b9a33", "role": "assistant", "content": "**Nanjing Salted Duck (南京盐水鸭)**\n\n*   **"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-f121344c-f099-46e8-a8ee-087cef3b9a33", "role": "assistant", "content": "Description:** A traditional Nanjing dish featuring duck that is cured with salt and spices. It's known for its savory flavor with a hint of sweetness and a delicate saltiness"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-f121344c-f099-46e8-a8ee-087cef3b9a33", "role": "assistant", "content": ". The skin is thin and crispy, contrasting with the tender meat.\n\n*   **Ingredients:**\n    *   Duck (whole, about 4-"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-f121344c-f099-46e8-a8ee-087cef3b9a33", "role": "assistant", "content": "5 lbs)\n    *   Coarse salt (1 cup)\n    *   Szechuan peppercorns (1 tablespoon)\n    *   Star anise (2 pods)\n    *   Ginger (4 slices)\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-f121344c-f099-46e8-a8ee-087cef3b9a33", "role": "assistant", "content": "    *   Garlic (4 cloves)\n    *   Green onions (2 stalks)\n    *   Soy sauce (1/4 cup)\n    *   Cooking wine\n    *   White pepper powder\n    *   Bay"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-f121344c-f099-46e8-a8ee-087cef3b9a33", "role": "assistant", "content": " leaves\n    *   Cinnamon\n\n*   **Preparation:**\n    1.  Rinse the duck thoroughly and pat it dry.\n    2.  Mix coarse salt with Szechuan peppercorns, star anise, ginger, and crushed garlic.\n    3.  Rub the salt mixture generously all over the duck"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-f121344c-f099-46e8-a8ee-087cef3b9a33", "role": "assistant", "content": ", including the cavity.\n    4.  Place the duck in a large dish, cover it with plastic wrap, and refrigerate for 24 hours.\n    5.  Rinse off the salt mixture under cold running water and pat the duck dry.\n    6.  In a pot, bring water"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-f121344c-f099-46e8-a8ee-087cef3b9a33", "role": "assistant", "content": " to a boil and add green onions and soy sauce.\n    7.  Carefully add the duck to the pot, reduce heat, and simmer for about 1.5 hours, until tender.\n    8.  Remove the duck from the pot and let it cool slightly.\n    9.  Slice the duck into"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-f121344c-f099-46e8-a8ee-087cef3b9a33", "role": "assistant", "content": " serving pieces.\n\n*   **Serving:** Typically served sliced, either as a standalone dish or as part of a larger meal. It can be accompanied by condiments like soy sauce, hoisin sauce, scallions, and cucumbers. The slices of salted duck can be wrapped in thin pancakes or enjoyed with steamed buns.\n\n*"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-f121344c-f099-46e8-a8ee-087cef3b9a33", "role": "assistant", "content": "   **Historical Origins:** Nanjing Salted Duck is a traditional dish that has been enjoyed for centuries and holds a significant place in the local cuisine.\n\nNow, let's move on to the next dish: Jinling Roast Duck.\n\n"}

event: tool_calls
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-f121344c-f099-46e8-a8ee-087cef3b9a33", "role": "assistant", "finish_reason": "tool_calls", "tool_calls": [{"name": "web_search", "args": {"query": "Jinling Roast Duck recipe ingredients preparation"}, "id": "", "type": "tool_call"}], "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": "web_search", "args": "{\"query\":\"Jinling Roast Duck recipe ingredients preparation\"}", "id": "", "index": null, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_result
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "bcbd6caf-2dba-422c-bf2b-b8a2cbacca25", "role": "assistant", "content": "[{\"type\": \"page\", \"title\": \"Peking Duck: A Culinary Legacy from Beijing : Decology\", \"url\": \"https://decology.com/peking-duck/\", \"content\": \"Easy Homemade Jinling roast duck Recipe. Ingredients: 1 whole duck (4-5 lbs) 1/4 cup honey; 1/4 cup soy sauce; 2 tbsp rice vinegar; 1 tbsp Chinese five-spice powder; 1 tsp salt; Instructions: Prepare the Duck Rinse and pat dry. Mix honey, soy sauce, and vinegar and brush the duck skin. Hang the duck or place it on a rack in the fridge to dry\", \"score\": 0.95186776}, {\"type\": \"page\", \"title\": \"Authentic Nanjing Jinling Roast Duck Recipe | Chinafoodbook\", \"url\": \"https://www.chinafoodbook.com/52fbc1399f.html\", \"content\": \"1. Slaughter the duck, remove the feathers and internal organs, wash and dry. 2. Cut the scallions, ginger, and garlic into slices and set aside. 3. Rub the duck inside and out with salt, sugar, cooking wine, soy sauce, and five spice powder, and marinate in the refrigerator for 2-3 days. 4.\", \"score\": 0.90452427}, {\"type\": \"page\", \"title\": \"What to eat in Nanjing? - Nomads - Travel tips, Guides, News ...\", \"url\": \"https://livingnomads.com/2023/10/nanjing-street-food/\", \"content\": \"Jinling roast duck | nanjing street food\\nSimilar to other roast duck dishes, Jinling roast duck involves a meticulous preparation process. The duck is first cleaned and dressed, and then it is marinated with a combination of various seasonings and spices. The marinade typically includes soy sauce, ginger, garlic, sugar, and other aromatic ingredients. The duck is left to absorb the flavors for a specific period, ensuring a rich and well-seasoned taste.\", \"score\": 0.89849097, \"raw_content\": \"What to eat in Nanjing? — 11+ best Nanjing street food & Nanjing famous food you must try - Living + Nomads – Travel tips, Guides, News & Information!\\nPatreon Vimeo Youtube\\nSign in\\n\\nDestinations\\nAfrica\\nBotswana\\nEgypt\\nEthiopia\\nKenya\\nMauritius\\nMorocco\\nSeychelles\\nSouth Africa\\nTanzania\\nAsia\\nAfghanistan\\nBangladesh\\nBhutan\\nBrunei\\nCambodia\\nChina\\nHong Kong\\nIndia\\nIndonesia\\nJapan\\nKazakhstan\\nLaos\\nMalaysia\\nMaldives\\nMongolia\\nMyanmar\\nNepal\\nNorth Korea\\nPakistan\\n\\n\\nTrip Inspiration\\nAdventure + Outdoors\\nAmusement Parks\\nBackpacking Trips\\nBeaches\\nBike Tours\\nBlog\\nBoating + Cruises\\nBudget Travel\\nBus + Train Travel\\nCoasts + Islands\\nCountry Trips\\nCulture\\nFall Vacations\\nFamily Vacations\\nGreen Travel\\nHeritage + History\\nHoneymoons + Romance\\nInspiration + Guide\\nLandmarks + Attractions\\nLGBT Travel\\nLuxury\\nMarkets + Bazaars\\nMysteries\\nNational Parks + Reserves\\nNature + Wildlife\\nParks + Gardens\\nPets + Animals\\nPhotography\\nRoad Trips\\nShopping\\n\\n\\nTips\\nAdventure + Outdoors\\nAirlines + Airports\\nBudgeting + Currency\\nBusiness Travel\\nCelebrity Travel\\nCruises\\nCustoms + Immigration\\nDeals + Rewards\\nFamily Travel\\nHotels + Resorts\\nLuggage + Packing Tips\\nOffbeat News\\nPhotography Tips\\nResponsible Travel\\nSolo Travel\\nTech + Gear\\nTravel Etiquette\\nTravel Warnings\\n\\n\\nFood + Drink\\nBars + Clubs\\nBeer\\nCelebrity Chefs\\nRestaurants + Cafés\\nWine + Vineyards\\n\\n\\nHotels\\nBeach Hotels\\nBoutique Hotels\\nHotel Openings\\nHotel Reviews\\nLuxury Hotels\\nMountain + Ski Resorts\\nSpa Resorts\\nVacation Rentals\\n\\n\\nCruises\\nAsia Cruises\\nEuropean Cruises\\n\\n\\nArts + Culture\\nArt\\nFestivals + Events\\nFilm + TV\\nMuseums + Galleries\\n\\n\\nPhotos\\nMore\\nStyle + Design\\nTravel’s Best\\nBlog\\nBookings\\nHotel with Agoda.com\\nHotel with Booking.com\\n\\n\\nLiving\\n\\n\\n\\nSign in\\nWelcome!Log into your account\\nyour username\\nyour password\\nForgot your password?\\n\\nPassword recovery\\nRecover your password\\nyour email\\nSearch \\n\\nSign in\\nWelcome! Log into your account\\nyour username\\nyour password\\nForgot your password? Get help\\nPassword recovery\\nRecover your password\\nyour email\\nA password will be e-mailed to you.\\n Living + Nomads – Travel tips, Guides, News & Information!\\n\\n\\n\\n\\nDestinations\\n\\n\\nAllAfricaBotswanaEgyptEthiopiaKenyaMauritiusMoroccoSeychellesSouth AfricaTanzaniaAsiaAfghanistanBangladeshBhutanBruneiCambodiaChinaHong KongIndiaIndonesiaJapanKazakhstanLaosMalaysiaMaldivesMongoliaMyanmarNepalNorth KoreaPakistan\\n\\nJapan\\n16+ top value & best Michelin Star restaurants in Tokyo\\n\\nJapan\\nBest Michelin restaurants Kyoto. 16+ best Michelin star restaurants in Kyoto\\n\\nInspiration + Guide\\nWhat souvenirs to buy in Taiwan? 14+ must-have gifts & best…\\n\\nChina\\nWhere to go in Shanghai at night? 25+ must-visit & best…\\n\\n\\n\\n\\n\\nTrip Inspiration\\n\\n\\nAllAdventure + OutdoorsAmusement ParksBackpacking TripsBeachesBike ToursBlogBoating + CruisesBudget TravelBus + Train TravelCoasts + IslandsCountry TripsCultureFall VacationsFamily VacationsGreen TravelHeritage + HistoryHoneymoons + RomanceInspiration + GuideLandmarks + AttractionsLGBT TravelLuxuryMarkets + BazaarsMysteriesNational Parks + ReservesNature + WildlifeParks + GardensPets + AnimalsPhotographyRoad TripsShopping\\n\\nInspiration + Guide\\nWhat souvenirs to buy in Taiwan? 14+ must-have gifts & best…\\n\\nChina\\nWhere to go in Shanghai at night? 25+ must-visit & best…\\n\\nCountry Trips\\nTaiwan itinerary 3 days — How to spend & what to…\\n\\nChina\\nWhat to do in Shanghai at night? 21+ top activities &…\\n\\n\\n\\n\\n\\nTips\\n\\n\\nAllAdventure + OutdoorsAirlines + AirportsBudgeting + CurrencyBusiness TravelCelebrity TravelCruisesCustoms + ImmigrationDeals + RewardsFamily TravelHotels + ResortsLuggage + Packing TipsOffbeat NewsPhotography TipsResponsible TravelSolo TravelTech + GearTravel EtiquetteTravel Warnings\\n\\nTravel Etiquette\\nMuseum travel tips — 8 rules you need to know before…\\n\\nInspiration + Guide\\nThe complete Seoul subway guide: How to use, lines, fares for…\\n\\nSouth Korea\\nHow much does it cost to travel to Korea? Tips on…\\n\\nInspiration + Guide\\nThe ultimate guide to NETS FlashPay Card: What is it, how…\\n\\n\\n\\n\\n\\nFood + Drink\\n\\n\\nAllBars + ClubsBeerCelebrity ChefsRestaurants + CafésWine + Vineyards\\n\\nJapan\\n16+ top value & best Michelin Star restaurants in Tokyo\\n\\nJapan\\nBest Michelin restaurants Kyoto. 16+ best Michelin star restaurants in Kyoto\\n\\nFood + Drink\\n10 best Michelin Bib gourmand Taipei\\n\\nCambodia\\n19+ most popular & must try food in Cambodia\\n\\n\\n\\n\\n\\nHotels\\n\\n\\nAllBeach HotelsBoutique HotelsHotel OpeningsHotel ReviewsLuxury HotelsMountain + Ski ResortsSpa ResortsVacation Rentals\\n\\nHotels + Resorts\\n21+ most beautiful & best resorts in Chiang Mai for all…\\n\\nHotel Reviews\\n25+ best places to stay & best hotels in Seoul for…\\n\\nHotels + Resorts\\n11+ best homestays in Kuala Lumpur near famous tourist attractions\\n\\nHotel Reviews\\nMövenpick Resort Kuredhivaru Maldives reviews. The detailed review of my vacation…\\n\\n\\n\\n\\n\\nCruises\\n\\n\\nAllAsia CruisesEuropean Cruises\\n\\nCruises\\n10 must-know things for your best first time European river cruise\\n\\nVietnam\\nTop 3 best luxury cruises in Halong Bay, Vietnam\\n\\n\\n\\n\\n\\nArts + Culture\\n\\n\\nAllArtFestivals + EventsFilm + TVMuseums + Galleries\\n\\nFestivals + Events\\nCherry blossom festival Korea 2025 — Top 5 cherry blossom festivals…\\n\\nInspiration + Guide\\nGhibli museum blog — The fullest Ghibli museum guide for first-timers\\n\\nArts + Culture\\nKyoto festival — Top 10 best events & most famous festivals…\\n\\nInspiration + Guide\\nNational Palace Museum Taipei blog — What to see in National…\\n\\n\\n\\n\\n\\nPhotos\\n\\n\\n\\nFall Vacations\\nJapanese waterfall — Top 10 most beautiful waterfalls in Japan in…\\n\\nEurope\\n19+ most beautiful towns in Europe every tourist need to visit…\\n\\nGeorgia\\nGeorgia travel photos — 20+ captivating photos show Georgia is heaven…\\n\\nMarkets + Bazaars\\nExplore Damnoen Floating Market — The oldest floating market of Thailand\\n\\nChina\\nVisiting Fenghuang Ancient Town — One of the most charming ancient…\\n\\n\\n\\n\\n\\nMore\\n\\nStyle + Design\\nTravel’s Best\\nBlog\\nBookings\\nHotel with Agoda.com\\nHotel with Booking.com\\n\\n\\nLiving\\n\\n\\nBlog\\nMekong Delta travel blog — Beyond rivers of Southwestern Vietnam\\n\\nLiving\\n14 reasons why you should travel when you are young\\n\\nArts + Culture\\nShigaraki Tanuki – An animal symbol of good luck in Japan\\n\\nBlog\\nLiving in the charms of cave houses in Andalucia, Southern Spain\\n\\nArchitecture\\n20+ jaw-dropping tiny homes around the world\\n\\n\\n\\n\\n\\n\\n\\n\\n\\nChina\\nFood + Drink\\nInspiration + Guide\\n\\nWhat to eat in Nanjing? — 11+ best Nanjing street food & Nanjing famous food you must try\\nBy\\nNikki Dang\\n-\\nOctober 6, 2023\\n\\nNanjing, located in Jiangsu province, China, is a city with a rich history and cultural significance. It was the capital of several Chinese dynasties and served as the capital of the Republic of China in the early 20th century. Nanjing is known for its historical sites, beautiful landscapes, and, of course, its culinary specialties. So, what to eat in Nanjing? Let’s check out our suggested 11+ best food in Nanjing, Nanjing famous food and Nanjing street food you must try when coming to this beautiful ancient city!\\n\\nWhat to eat in Chengdu? — 19+ must-try, famous food & best Chengdu street food to eat\\nWhat to eat in Shanghai? — 17+ most popular, must eat & best street food in Shanghai\\nWhere to go in Shanghai at night? 25+ must-visit & best places to visit in Shanghai at night\\nWhat to do in Shanghai at night? 21+ top activities & best things to do in Shanghai at night\\n9+ most beautiful & best ancient towns in China\\n\\n \\nNanjing skyline\\n\\nA view of Nanjing Fuzimiao\\n\\nA busy street at Fuzimiao | nanjing street food\\n\\nNanjing street food | nanjing street food\\n\\n| nanjing street food\\nNanjing cuisine is one of the most influential and interesting features of China. Most visitors find the local delicacies here irresistible. Famous for its delicate preparation and rich flavors, each dish has its own charm. Now, let’s explore the best food of Nanjing and try it on your next visit to the “Capital of Six Dynasties” of China.\\n\\nNanjing typical food | nanjing street food\\nSalted Duck (top nanjing street food)\\nOne of Nanjing’s most beloved dishes is Nanjing salted duck. It is a traditional dish that has been enjoyed for centuries and holds a significant place in the local cuisine. It is a must-try specialty for food enthusiasts visiting the city, offering a unique and flavorful experience.\\n\\nNanjing salted duck | nanjing street food\\nThe preparation of Nanjing Salted Duck involves marinating the duck with a mixture of salt, spices, and other seasonings before air-drying or brining it. Nanjing salted duck has a unique flavor profile. The meat is savory, with a hint of sweetness and a delicate saltiness from the curing process. The skin is thin and crispy, offering a delightful contrast in texture to the tender meat.\\n\\nTexture of salted duck | nanjing street food\\nNanjing salted duck is typically served sliced, either as a standalone dish or as part of a larger meal. It is often accompanied by condiments like soy sauce, hoisin sauce, scallions, and cucumbers. The slices of salted duck can be wrapped in thin pancakes or enjoyed with steamed buns, allowing diners to create their own flavorful combinations.\\n\\nNanjing salted duck is typically served sliced | nanjing street food\\nWhere to try salted duck in Nanjing? (nanjing famous food)\\nWhen it comes to enjoying Nanjing salted duck, there are several popular addresses in Nanjing where you can savor this local delicacy. Here are a few renowned places:\\nNanjing Impressions: Hunan Walking Street, No.2 Shiziqiao Hunan Road. They serve authentic salted duck along with other local specialties in a nostalgic and culturally rich atmosphere.\\n\\nAt Nanjing Impressions | nanjing street food\\nLocal Street Food Stalls: In addition to restaurants, you can find street food stalls and local markets in Nanjing where vendors sell salted duck and other local delicacies. These stalls offer a more casual and authentic dining experience, allowing you to immerse yourself in the local food culture.\\n\\nA food stall selling salted ducks and roast ducks, @Visit Jiangsu FB | nanjing street food\\nJinling Roast Duck (what to eat in nanjing)\\nJinling roast duck is a famous variation of roast duck that originated in Nanjing. It is named after Nanjing’s historical moniker, “Jinling,” which means “capital of Jin.” Although Jinling roast duck is not as famous around the world as Pecking roast duck in Beijing, its taste and scrumptiousness are just as exceptional.\\n\\nJinling roast duck | nanjing street food\\nSimilar to other roast duck dishes, Jinling roast duck involves a meticulous preparation process. The duck is first cleaned and dressed, and then it is marinated with a combination of various seasonings and spices. The marinade typically includes soy sauce, ginger, garlic, sugar, and other aromatic ingredients. The duck is left to absorb the flavors for a specific period, ensuring a rich and well-seasoned taste.\\n\\nRoasted in a closed oven | nanjing street food\\nAfter the preparation process, the duck is traditionally roasted in a closed oven using fruit tree wood as fuel. This roasting technique helps impart a distinctive smoky aroma and a beautiful golden-brown color to the duck. The slow and controlled roasting process ensures that the meat remains tender and succulent while the skin becomes crispy.\\n\\nJinling roast ducks ready on hooks | nanjing street food\\nWhen the roast duck is ready to serve, the meat is tender and juicy, infused with the aromatic blend of spices from the marinade. The skin is thin and crispy, providing a delightful contrast in texture. The combination of the savory meat and the flavorful skin creates a harmonious and satisfying taste.\\n\\nTender and juicy texture, @Maggie-Hiufu-Wong/CNN | nanjing street food\\nJinling roast duck is typically served sliced, accompanied by thin pancakes or steamed buns. The slices of duck are traditionally enjoyed by wrapping them in pancakes along with condiments like hoisin sauce, cucumber, scallions, and sometimes sugar or garlic paste.\\n\\nA good pair\\nWhere to try salted duck in Nanjing? (best food in nanjing)\\nNanjing Impressions: Hunan Walking Street, No.2 Shiziqiao Hunan Road, Nanjing.\\nNanjing Deji Plaza: 18 Zhongshan Rd, Xuanwu District, Nanjing. Deji Plaza is a popular shopping and dining complex in Nanjing. It houses several restaurants that serve Jinling roast duck, allowing you to savor this local specialty while exploring the vibrant city center.\\n\\nAnother way to enjoy Jinling roast duck is in thin slices | nanjing street food\\nFuzimiao (Confucius Temple) area and Shiziqiao Food Street, can also lead you to hidden gems and smaller establishments where you can indulge in authentic Jinling roast duck.\\n\\nShiziqiao Food Street | nanjing street food\\nDuck Blood Vermicelli Soup\\nDuck blood vermicelli soup, also known as “Ya Xue Fen Si Tang” in Chinese, is a popular dish in Nanjing cuisine. The name of this dish sounds strange and you will surely be very curious, wondering how blood and soup are combined.\\n\\nDuck blood vermicelli soup | nanjing street food\\nThe soup is prepared by simmering the ingredients together in a flavorful broth. The duck blood curd is sliced and added to the soup, where it absorbs the flavors of the broth. The vermicelli noodles, duck meat, tofu, mushrooms, and other ingredients are also cooked in the broth until they are tender and infused with the soup’s flavors.\\n\\nA portion served in a small clay pot | nanjing street food\\nDuck blood vermicelli soup has a rich and savory flavor. The broth is usually seasoned with ingredients like soy sauce, ginger, garlic, and sometimes chili or other spices to add a touch of heat. The duck blood curd has a unique gelatinous texture and a mild, slightly metallic taste that blends well with the other ingredients in the soup.\\n\\nA flavorful bowl of duck blood vermicelli soup | nanjing street food\\nIt is typically served hot in a bowl and often garnished with chopped scallions or cilantro for added freshness and flavor. You can find duck blood vermicelli soup easily in Nanjing, especially at food stalls in Fuzimiao food street for only 0.5 USD. You should try this delicious dish.\\nEgg Shaomai\\nEgg shaomai, also known as “Dan Zi Shao Mai” in Chinese, is a popular street food and dim sum dish in Nanjing. It is primarily made with a combination of eggs, ground pork, shrimp, mushrooms, and other seasonings. The filling is typically mixed together and wrapped in a thin, delicate dumpling wrapper. It is a must-try when exploring the local food scene in Nanjing.\\n\\nEgg shaomai | nanjing famous food\\nThe preparation process for egg shaomai involves several steps. The filling ingredients are finely chopped or minced and mixed together with seasonings like soy sauce, ginger, garlic, and sometimes sesame oil or other spices. The mixture is then spooned onto a dumpling wrapper, folded into a pleated shape, and topped with a small piece of shrimp.\\nOnce assembled, the egg shaomai are traditionally steamed in bamboo steamers, allowing them to cook gently and retain their moisture. The steaming process ensures that the dumpling wrappers become soft and translucent while the filling is cooked to perfection.\\n\\nAnother look of egg shaomai | nanjing famous food\\nEgg shaomai has a delightful combination of flavors. The filling is savory and rich, with the umami taste of the pork and shrimp complemented by the earthiness of mushrooms and the aroma of seasonings. The addition of the egg provides a silky and creamy texture to the filling, enhancing its overall taste.\\n\\nEgg shaomai at Halal Ma Xiangxing restaurant | nanjing famous food\\nEgg shaomai is typically served in bamboo steamers, with each steamer holding several pieces of shaomai. It is often enjoyed as a snack or as part of a dim sum meal. The shaomai can be eaten on their own or dipped in condiments such as soy sauce, chili oil, or a combination of sauces for added flavor.\\nWonderful egg shaomai at Halal Ma Xiangxing restaurant is recommended – where the dish was invented for a Chinese general who loved shaomai and shrimp. Here, they use fresh shrimp made into a paste and wrapped in a thin egg-based dumpling. Address: No.32, Yunnan North Road, Gulou District, Nanjing; open daily from 6:30 a.m. to 8:30 p.m.\\n\\n| nanjing famous food\\nTangbao (soup dumplings)\\nTangbao, also known as soup dumplings, is a type of dumpling filled with a flavorful broth and a mixture of meat and/or vegetables. They are known for their delicate and thin dumpling wrappers, which contain a hot, savory soup inside.\\n\\nTangbao (soup dumplings) | nanjing famous food\\nThe filling of Tangbao typically consists of minced pork, shrimp, crab meat, or a combination of these ingredients. Other variations may include vegetables such as bamboo shoots or mushrooms. The broth is made by simmering meat or bones, along with aromatic spices and seasonings, to create a flavorful and gelatinous soup.\\n\\nInviting tangbao | nanjing famous food\\nTangbao are traditionally steamed in bamboo steamers, which allows the dumplings to cook gently and retain their shape and juiciness. The steaming process activates the gelatin in the broth, transforming it into a hot, savory soup that is locked inside the dumpling.\\n\\nTangbao served in a bamboo steamer | nanjing street food\\nEnjoying Tangbao is a unique experience. The dumplings are typically served in bamboo steamers or small plates. To eat them, you can use chopsticks to carefully lift a Tangbao from the steamer, taking care not to puncture the delicate wrapper. You can then place the dumpling on a spoon and take a small bite from the corner to release the hot soup. Be cautious as the broth may be hot. You can then savor the combination of the flavorful soup and the filling. You will definitely fall in love with this adorable snack!\\n\\nWhat a delicious look! | nanjing famous food\\nTangbao are often served with a dipping sauce made from a combination of soy sauce, vinegar, and sometimes ginger or chili oil. This sauce adds an extra layer of tanginess and enhances the overall flavor of the dumplings.\\n\\nTangbao served with a dipping sauce | nanjing famous food\\nNanjing is known for its rich Tangbao culture, and there are numerous restaurants and street food stalls throughout the city that specialize in this dish. Some recommended places for you are:\\nYinshi Jishi Tangbao: No. 398 Mochou Road, Baixia District, Nanjing. They’re open every day from 6:30 a.m. to 7:30 p.m, and it costs about 1.8 USD for eight small bite-sized pieces of Tangbao.\\nFuzimiao (Confucius Temple) and Hunan Road are particularly renowned for their Tangbao offerings.\\nPan-fried Beef Dumplings\\nPan-fried beef dumplings, also known as “Guo Tie” or “Jian Jiao” in Chinese, are a popular street food and snack in Nanjing. Pan-fried beef dumplings are a type of dumplings made with a thin wheat-based wrapper filled with a savory mixture of ground beef and seasonings. They are pan-fried until crispy on the bottom while maintaining a tender and juicy filling.\\n\\nPan-fried beef dumplings | nanjing famous food\\nThe filling for pan-fried beef dumplings typically consists of minced or ground beef combined with aromatics such as ginger, garlic, and green onions. Additional seasonings may include soy sauce, sesame oil, and sometimes spices like Sichuan peppercorns for a hint of heat.\\n\\nA tender and juicy filling | what to eat in nanjing\\nThe dumplings are cooked in a hot, oiled skillet or pan. They are first placed flat-side down and allowed to cook until the bottom becomes golden and crispy. Water is then added to the pan, and the dumplings are covered to steam. This steaming process helps to cook the filling thoroughly and ensure it remains juicy and tender. Once the water has evaporated, the dumplings continue to fry until the bottom becomes crispy again.\\n\\nThe dumplings are cooked in a hot, oiled skillet or pan. | what to eat in nanjing\\nPan-fried beef dumplings are typically served with a dipping sauce that adds an extra layer of flavor. Common dipping sauces include soy sauce, vinegar, and sometimes chili oil or sesame oil. Some people also enjoy adding minced garlic or ginger to the dipping sauce for additional zing.\\n\\n| what to eat in nanjing\\nWhere to try Pan-fried beef dumplings? (nanjing street food)\\nLiji Halal restaurant: No. 1, Dading Xiang, Pingshi Jie, Baixia District, Nanjing. The restaurant is open from 5:30 a.m. to 7:30 p.m. at a cost of around 0.7 USD for five pieces.\\n\\nLiji Halal Restaurant | what to eat in nanjing\\nPan-fried beef dumplings can also be found in various street food stalls, local eateries throughout Nanjing. They are often freshly made to order, ensuring their crispiness and deliciousness.\\nStinky Tofu\\nStinky tofu, also known as “Chou Dou Fu” in Chinese, is a unique and polarizing street food in Nanjing. Whether you love stinky tofu or find it challenging, it is an intriguing culinary experience that represents the bold and diverse food culture of Nanjing.\\n\\nStinky tofu street food | what to eat in nanjing\\nThe process of making stinky tofu involves several steps. First, fresh tofu is soaked in brine made with various ingredients like fermented vegetables, dried shrimp, and spices. The tofu is then left to ferment for a period of time, from a few days to several weeks, depending on the desired intensity of flavor. After fermentation, the tofu is typically deep-fried until it develops a crispy golden exterior.\\n\\nStinky tofu cubes with crispy golden exterior | what to eat in nanjing\\nStinky tofu has a strong and pungent smell, which some describe as resembling rotten garbage or cheese. However, despite its odor, the taste of stinky tofu is often milder and more savory. The fermentation process gives the tofu a unique and complex flavor, with hints of umami and a slightly sour or tangy note.\\n\\n| what to eat in nanjing\\nStinky tofu is commonly served as a street food snack in Nanjing. It is often cut into bite-sized pieces and skewered on bamboo sticks. The tofu is then deep-fried until crispy and served piping hot. It can be enjoyed on its own or dipped in a variety of sauces, such as soy sauce, chili sauce, or a combination of sauces to balance the flavors.\\n\\nStinky tofu skewer | what to eat in nanjing\\nNanjing is dotted with street food stalls and night markets where you can find vendors cooking up and serving this pungent delicacy. Popular areas such as Fuzimiao (Confucius Temple) and Xinjiekou are particularly known for their stinky tofu offerings.\\n\\nStinky tofu street food stall | what to eat in nanjing\\nGansi Tofu\\nGansi tofu is another beloved tofu dish in Nanjing, appreciated for its simplicity, gentle flavors, and comforting qualities.\\n\\nGansi tofu | best food in nanjing\\nThe main components of Gansi tofu are tofu and a clear broth. The tofu used is typically a soft or silken variety that has a smooth and custard-like texture. The broth is made by simmering ingredients such as dried shiitake mushrooms, bamboo shoots, dried shrimp, or chicken bones to extract their flavors.\\n\\nSome ingredients of to cook Gansi | best food in nanjing\\nTo make Gansi tofu, the tofu is first cut into small cubes or slices. The broth is prepared separately by simmering the ingredients in water to create a fragrant and flavorful base. The tofu is then gently added to the broth to heat through without breaking apart. The broth provides a savory and aromatic base, while the tofu absorbs the flavors of the broth, adding a creamy and delicate taste to the dish. The combination of the two creates a comforting and satisfying experience.\\n\\nGansi broth with chicken | best food in nanjing\\nGansi tofu is typically served in a small bowl or individual soup bowls. The tofu cubes are immersed in the broth, and the dish is garnished with chopped green onions or cilantro for added freshness and visual appeal. It can be enjoyed on its own or served alongside other dishes as part of a larger meal. It pairs well with steamed rice, as the rice can be mixed with the broth to create a flavorful combination. Some people also enjoy adding soy sauce, vinegar, or chili oil to enhance the taste.\\n\\n| best food in nanjing\\nGansi tofu is commonly found in local eateries, traditional restaurants, and even street food stalls in Nanjing. You can enjoy this dish at Nanjing Impressions at No. 2, Shiziqiao, Gulou District for 3.5 USD per bowl.\\n\\nServing portions in small bowls | best food in nanjing\\nMandarin Sweet and Sour Fish\\nMandarin-style sweet and sour fish, also known as “Tang Cu Yu” in Chinese, is a regional variation of the classic Chinese sweet and sour fish dish. It reflects the culinary style and flavor preferences of the Mandarin cuisine, which is prevalent in the northern regions of China, including Nanjing.\\n\\nMandarin-style sweet and sour fish | best food in nanjing\\nThe fish is typically marinated with salt, pepper, and sometimes Shaoxing wine or rice wine for added flavor. It is then coated with cornstarch or a batter made from a combination of flour and cornstarch and deep-fried until golden and crispy. The sauce is prepared separately by combining vinegar, sugar, ketchup, soy sauce, and other seasonings in a wok or saucepan.\\n\\n| best food in nanjing\\nMandarin sweet and sour fish emphasizes a balance of sweet and sour flavors. The sauce has a tangy and slightly sweet taste, with a hint of saltiness from the soy sauce. Nanjing-style sweet and sour fish often leans towards a slightly sweeter profile compared to other regional variations. The crispy fried fish provides a delightful contrast to the sauce, offering a combination of textures.\\n\\nSweet and sour fish fillets | best food in nanjing\\nMandarin sweet and sour fish in Nanjing is typically served hot and garnished with sliced green onions or cilantro for freshness and visual appeal. It is often presented on a large plate or a serving platter, allowing the vibrant fish and sauce to be showcased. This dish is definitely suitable for a warm family meal. So, give it a try when you visit Nanjing!\\n\\nAnother presentation of sweet and sour fish | best food in nanjing\\nFreshwater Crabs\\nFreshwater crabs, also known as “Nan Jing Da Zha Xie” in Chinese, refer to crabs that are harvested from the rivers, lakes, and fields around Nanjing. They are known for their delicate flavor, tender meat, and unique characteristics specific to the region.\\n\\n| best food in nanjing\\nFreshwater crabs are often prepared by steaming or boiling to preserve their natural flavors. Before cooking, the crabs are cleaned and seasoned. They are then cooked until their shells turn a vibrant orange-red color. The crabs are typically served whole, and the meat is enjoyed by cracking the shell and extracting it using specialized crab utensils.\\n\\nThere are various ways to enjoy freshwater crabs in Nanjing. Some popular dishes include steamed whole crabs, crab roe xiaolongbao (steamed soup dumplings), crab meat-filled dumplings, stir-fried crab with ginger and scallions, and crab meat fried rice. These dishes showcase the natural sweetness and unique characteristics of the crabs.\\n\\nWhere to try freshwater crabs in Nanjing?\\nGao You Seafood Street: Located in the Gaochun District of Nanjing, this street is lined with seafood restaurants specializing in freshwater field crab dishes. It’s a popular destination for locals and visitors alike.\\n\\nA street food stall offering crabs\\nNanjing Hexi Crab Market: This market is dedicated to freshwater field crabs and offers a vibrant atmosphere where you can select live crabs and have them prepared on-site at the market’s restaurants.\\nOf course, there are more options of food when it comes to Nanjing cuisine, but we hope those top specialties of the place will satisfy your food adventure on your next visit to Nanjing.\\n\\nSome best day tours, trips, activities and transfer services, tickets in, from and to Nanjing you can refer to\\n\\nPorcelain Tower of Nanjing\\nNanjing Presidential Palace Ticket\\nNanjing City Private Car Charter\\nDaming Mansion Zhanyuan Garden Ticket in Nanjing\\nChaotian Palace Ticket in Nanjing (For Mainland China ID Holders)\\nNanjing Zhouyuan Ticket\\nYufa Ecotourism Area Ticket in Nanjing\\nZiqinghu Hotspring Ticket in Nanjing\\nHongshan Forest Zoo Ticket in Nanjing (For Mainland Chinese Citizens Only)\\nMing Xiaoling Mausoleum Ticket\\n\\n\\nRead more China guide here and Nanjing guide here.\\nRelated articles\\n\\nTokyo itinerary 7 days — How to spend 7 days in Tokyo & what to do in Tokyo for 7 days\\nZermatt travel blog — The fullest Zermatt travel guide blog & the detailed Zermatt itinerary 2 days\\n5 best islands in Southeast Asia to discover in this summer\\n16+ photos show the beautiful of sunscapes in the Sea of Cortez, Mexico\\nKa Lam Retreat Ninh Van Bay — The 5-star resort in Nha Trang, Vietnam\\nSinai blog — The quick Sinai travel guide for a journey to the sacred land of Egypt\\n1 day in Melbourne — How to spend 24 hours in Melbourne & Explore the best of Melbourne in a day perfectly?\\nSapporo itinerary — How to spend 36 hours in Sapporo at the weekend?\\n\\n\\nNikki Dang\\nRELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR\\n\\nInspiration + Guide\\nWhat souvenirs to buy in Taiwan? 14+ must-have gifts & best souvenirs to buy in Taiwan\\n\\nChina\\nWhere to go in Shanghai at night? 25+ must-visit & best places to visit in Shanghai at night\\n\\nCountry Trips\\nTaiwan itinerary 3 days — How to spend & what to do in Taiwan for 3 days perfectly?\\n\\nChina\\nWhat to do in Shanghai at night? 21+ top activities & best things to do in Shanghai at night\\n\\nFood + Drink\\n10 best Michelin Bib gourmand Taipei\\n\\nInspiration + Guide\\n15+ most famous & must visit places in NYC\\n\\nChina\\n9+ most beautiful & best ancient towns in China\\n\\nInspiration + Guide\\nTop +18 attractions & best places to visit in New York City\\n\\nGreece\\n15+ top places to visit & fun things to do in Athens\\n\\nEDITOR PICKS\\n\\n16+ top value & best Michelin Star restaurants in Tokyo\\nFebruary 14, 2025\\n\\nBest Michelin restaurants Kyoto. 16+ best Michelin star restaurants in Kyoto\\nFebruary 13, 2025\\n\\nWhat souvenirs to buy in Taiwan? 14+ must-have gifts & best...\\nFebruary 12, 2025\\nPOPULAR POSTS\\n\\nWhat to buy in USA? — 17+ must buy in USA...\\nApril 29, 2024\\n\\nWhat to buy in Korea? — Top +23 cheap, famous &...\\nApril 29, 2024\\n\\nMust buy souvenir in Taiwan — Top 17+ most famous, cheap...\\nJuly 5, 2023\\nPOPULAR CATEGORY\\n\\nInspiration + Guide1613\\nTrip Inspiration468\\nJapan247\\nFood + Drink235\\nThailand224\\nCoasts + Islands206\\nSouth Korea186\\nVietnam172\\nTaiwan150\\n\\n\\nABOUT US\\nLiving Nomads celebrates and is inspired by explorers and their passion for travel, curiosity about the world and unique points of view. Travel is eye-opening. Curious. Daring. Fun. We are here to help you travel better, cheaper & longer! Discover the art of traveling anywhere you want.\\nContact us: hello@livingnomads.com\\nFOLLOW US\\nPatreon Vimeo Youtube\\n\\nAbout Us\\nWork for Us\\nContact Us\\nTerms & Conditions\\nPrivacy Policy\\n\\n© Copyright 2025 – Living + Nomads™. All rights reserved.\\nBy using this service and related content, you agree to the use of cookies for analytics, personalised content and ads.OkLearn more\"}, {\"type\": \"image\", \"image_url\": \"https://i0.wp.com/bossyflossie.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/08/Nanjing-Impression-Chinese-Roast-Duck.jpg\", \"image_description\": \"Sliced roast duck with crispy skin is presented in a bowl, accompanied by a rich sauce.\"}, {\"type\": \"image\", \"image_url\": \"https://i.pinimg.com/originals/84/76/f0/8476f0a8d7c29471f811c83c8b259619.jpg\", \"image_description\": \"A roasted duck is presented on a plate, showcasing its glossy skin and tender meat, accompanied by a bowl of sliced meat in sauce and a bamboo steamer in the background.\"}, {\"type\": \"image\", \"image_url\": \"https://www.chinatoursnet.com/uploads/main/allimg/20170321/20170321105433.jpg\", \"image_description\": \"Sliced roast duck glistens with a rich glaze on a white plate, accompanied by decorative garnishes of green herbs and a purple flower.\"}, {\"type\": \"image\", \"image_url\": \"http://www.chinatoursnet.com/uploads/main/allimg/20170321/20170321105422.jpg\", \"image_description\": \"Tender and succulent pieces of Jinling Roast Duck are expertly sliced and arranged on a plate, accompanied by a small bowl of sauce and garnished with fresh parsley.\"}, {\"type\": \"image\", \"image_url\": \"https://p1-tt.byteimg.com/origin/tos-cn-i-qvj2lq49k0/499440ad5db04955831f6554c79724d1.jpg\", \"image_description\": \"A beautifully roasted duck with a crispy golden skin sits on a bed of lettuce, accompanied by plates of thin pancakes, sliced cucumbers, and a bowl of dipping sauce, all arranged on a rustic wooden surface.\"}]", "tool_call_id": ""}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-e2d704d1-53d5-4815-a003-df2a4921ae25", "role": "assistant", "content": "Here"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-e2d704d1-53d5-4815-a003-df2a4921ae25", "role": "assistant", "content": "'s a consolidated description of Jinling Roast Duck based on the search results:\n\n**Jin"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-e2d704d1-53d5-4815-a003-df2a4921ae25", "role": "assistant", "content": "ling Roast Duck (金陵烤鸭)**\n\n*   **Description:** A"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-e2d704d1-53d5-4815-a003-df2a4921ae25", "role": "assistant", "content": " famous variation of roast duck originating in Nanjing. It is similar to Peking duck but with its own distinct flavor. It's known for its crispy skin and tender"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-e2d704d1-53d5-4815-a003-df2a4921ae25", "role": "assistant", "content": ", juicy meat.\n\n*   **Ingredients:**\n    *   Whole duck (4-5 lbs)\n    *   Soy sauce\n    *   Ginger\n    "}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-e2d704d1-53d5-4815-a003-df2a4921ae25", "role": "assistant", "content": "*   Garlic\n    *   Sugar\n    *   Cooking wine\n    *   Five-spice powder\n    *   Honey\n    *   Rice vinegar\n    *   Salt\n\n*   **Preparation:**\n    1."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-e2d704d1-53d5-4815-a003-df2a4921ae25", "role": "assistant", "content": "  Clean and dress the duck.\n    2.  Marinate the duck inside and out with salt, sugar, cooking wine, soy sauce, and five-spice powder. Marinate in the refrigerator for 2-3 days.\n    3"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-e2d704d1-53d5-4815-a003-df2a4921ae25", "role": "assistant", "content": ".  Mix honey, soy sauce, and rice vinegar and brush the duck skin.\n    4.  Hang the duck or place it on a rack in the fridge to dry.\n    5.  Roast in a closed oven using fruit tree wood as fuel. This gives it a smoky aroma and golden-brown color"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-e2d704d1-53d5-4815-a003-df2a4921ae25", "role": "assistant", "content": ".\n\n*   **Serving:** Typically served sliced, accompanied by thin pancakes or steamed buns. The slices of duck are traditionally enjoyed by wrapping them in pancakes along with condiments like hoisin sauce, cucumber, scallions, and sometimes sugar or garlic paste.\n\n*   **Historical Origins:** Jinling is Nanjing's historical moniker"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-e2d704d1-53d5-4815-a003-df2a4921ae25", "role": "assistant", "content": ", meaning \"capital of Jin.\"\n\nNow, let's move on to the next dish: Duck Blood Vermicelli Soup.\n\n"}

event: tool_calls
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-e2d704d1-53d5-4815-a003-df2a4921ae25", "role": "assistant", "finish_reason": "tool_calls", "tool_calls": [{"name": "web_search", "args": {"query": "Duck Blood Vermicelli Soup recipe ingredients preparation"}, "id": "", "type": "tool_call"}], "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": "web_search", "args": "{\"query\":\"Duck Blood Vermicelli Soup recipe ingredients preparation\"}", "id": "", "index": null, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_result
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "25321c1b-a30e-48b1-918c-c16a4230c8aa", "role": "assistant", "content": "[{\"type\": \"page\", \"title\": \"Polish Duck Blood Soup (Czernina) - Polish Feast\", \"url\": \"https://polishfeast.com/polish-duck-blood-soup-czernina/\", \"content\": \"Prepare Duck Blood: In a bowl, mix the duck blood with vinegar and set aside. In a separate pan, heat the flour until golden brown, then add to the soup to thicken. Finish Soup: Slowly pour the duck blood into the soup, stirring constantly. Add sugar, salt, and pepper to taste.\", \"score\": 0.85567063}, {\"type\": \"page\", \"title\": \"Duck blood and vermicelli soup (Ya xie fen si tang) - TasteAtlas\", \"url\": \"https://www.tasteatlas.com/duck-blood-and-vermicelli-soup\", \"content\": \"Duck blood and vermicelli soup is a traditional delicacy made by cooking vermicelli, duck liver, blood, and intestines with dried tofu, dried shrimp, ginger,\", \"score\": 0.8361405}, {\"type\": \"page\", \"title\": \"Duck Blood and Vermicelli Soup - Gastro Obscura\", \"url\": \"https://www.atlasobscura.com/foods/duck-blood-vermicelli-soup\", \"content\": \"Cooks boil Chinese medicinal herbs in broth, then add tofu, vermicelli, chunks of duck blood, and occasionally organ meats such as duck liver and intestines.\", \"score\": 0.8259413}, {\"type\": \"image\", \"image_url\": \"https://www.mychineserecipes.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/11/Duck-Blood-Soup-With-Vermicelli-Recipe.jpg\", \"image_description\": \"A bowl of Duck Blood Vermicelli Soup is presented with creamy broth, slices of duck blood, green onions, and pieces of golden tofu, complete with a spoon for serving.\"}, {\"type\": \"image\", \"image_url\": \"https://www.easytourchina.com/images/Photo/chinese-cuisine-food/p921_d20160531115955.jpg\", \"image_description\": \"A bowl of Duck Blood Vermicelli Soup is filled with translucent noodles, pieces of duck meat, herbs, and chopped green onions, showcasing a warm and inviting broth.\"}, {\"type\": \"image\", \"image_url\": \"https://cdn.filestackcontent.com/cGIPhpYOSvyYOGmTAy91\", \"image_description\": null}, {\"type\": \"image\", \"image_url\": \"https://img.simplechinesefood.com/0b/0bcc8ba3b0be76d03e8c5eab2a3e4b6a.jpg\", \"image_description\": \"A bowl of Duck Blood Vermicelli Soup is presented, featuring chunks of duck blood, vermicelli noodles, crispy tofu, and garnished with fresh greens, all in a rich broth.\"}, {\"type\": \"image\", \"image_url\": \"http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-W9DgVb7KwRc/Txd9RUC2lUI/AAAAAAAAAD8/PGzndjna0TA/s1600/DSCN0329.JPG\", \"image_description\": \"A bowl of Duck Blood Vermicelli Soup features thin vermicelli noodles, chunks of duck blood, and fresh herbs, all presented in a rustic clay dish.\"}]", "tool_call_id": ""}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-9b7ca939-da5d-4425-9ac1-190995b39d86", "role": "assistant", "content": "Here's a"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-9b7ca939-da5d-4425-9ac1-190995b39d86", "role": "assistant", "content": " consolidated description of Duck Blood Vermicelli Soup based on the search results:\n\n**"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-9b7ca939-da5d-4425-9ac1-190995b39d86", "role": "assistant", "content": "Duck Blood Vermicelli Soup (鸭血粉丝汤)**\n\n*   **Description"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-9b7ca939-da5d-4425-9ac1-190995b39d86", "role": "assistant", "content": ":** A popular and savory soup in Nanjing cuisine, made with duck blood curd, vermicelli noodles, and a flavorful broth. It often includes other ingredients like duck meat, tofu"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-9b7ca939-da5d-4425-9ac1-190995b39d86", "role": "assistant", "content": ", and dried shrimp.\n\n*   **Ingredients:**\n    *   Duck blood curd\n    *   Vermicelli noodles\n    *   Duck broth\n    *   "}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-9b7ca939-da5d-4425-9ac1-190995b39d86", "role": "assistant", "content": "Duck meat (optional)\n    *   Tofu\n    *   Dried shrimp\n    *   Ginger\n    *   Garlic\n    *   Chinese medicinal herbs (optional)\n    *   Soy sauce\n    *   Ch"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-9b7ca939-da5d-4425-9ac1-190995b39d86", "role": "assistant", "content": "ili oil or other spices (optional)\n    *   Scallions or cilantro for garnish\n\n*   **Preparation:**\n    1.  Simmer the ingredients together in a flavorful duck broth.\n    2.  Slice the duck blood curd"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-9b7ca939-da5d-4425-9ac1-190995b39d86", "role": "assistant", "content": " and add it to the soup.\n    3.  Add vermicelli noodles, duck meat, tofu, dried shrimp, and other ingredients.\n    4.  Cook until the ingredients are tender and infused with the soup's flavors.\n    5.  Season with soy sauce, ginger, garlic, and chili oil"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-9b7ca939-da5d-4425-9ac1-190995b39d86", "role": "assistant", "content": " or other spices to taste.\n\n*   **Serving:** Typically served hot in a bowl and garnished with chopped scallions or cilantro.\n\n*   **Historical Origins:** A traditional delicacy in Nanjing, often found at food stalls in areas like Fuzimiao.\n\nI will continue to gather information on the remaining dishes in"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-9b7ca939-da5d-4425-9ac1-190995b39d86", "role": "assistant", "content": " a similar fashion. However, to avoid exceeding the token limit, I will provide a more concise description for each.\n\n**Tangbao (汤包)**\n\n*   **Description:** Soup dumplings filled with a flavorful broth and a mixture of meat and/or vegetables.\n*   **Ingredients:** Minced pork, shrimp"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-9b7ca939-da5d-4425-9ac1-190995b39d86", "role": "assistant", "content": ", crab meat (optional), bamboo shoots or mushrooms (optional), broth (made from meat or bones, spices, and seasonings).\n*   **Preparation:** Fill thin dumpling wrappers with the meat/vegetable mixture and gelatinous broth. Steam in bamboo steamers until cooked.\n*   **Serving:** Served in bamboo steamers with"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-9b7ca939-da5d-4425-9ac1-190995b39d86", "role": "assistant", "content": " a dipping sauce made of soy sauce, vinegar, ginger, or chili oil.\n\n**Egg Shaomai (蛋饺烧卖)**\n\n*   **Description:** A type of steamed dumpling made with eggs, ground pork, shrimp, mushrooms, and seasonings.\n*   **Ingredients:** Eggs, ground pork, shrimp, mushrooms"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-9b7ca939-da5d-4425-9ac1-190995b39d86", "role": "assistant", "content": ", soy sauce, ginger, garlic, sesame oil.\n*   **Preparation:** Mix the filling ingredients. Spoon onto a dumpling wrapper, fold into a pleated shape, and top with shrimp. Steam in bamboo steamers.\n*   **Serving:** Served in bamboo steamers, with or without condiments.\n\n**Pan-"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-9b7ca939-da5d-4425-9ac1-190995b39d86", "role": "assistant", "content": "fried Beef Dumplings (牛肉锅贴)**\n\n*   **Description:** Dumplings filled with ground beef and seasonings, pan-fried until crispy on the bottom.\n*   **Ingredients:** Ground beef, ginger, garlic, green onions, soy sauce, sesame oil, Sichuan peppercorns (optional).\n*"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-9b7ca939-da5d-4425-9ac1-190995b39d86", "role": "assistant", "content": "   **Preparation:** Fill dumpling wrappers with the beef mixture. Pan-fry until the bottom is golden and crispy, then add water and cover to steam. Continue frying until the water evaporates and the bottom is crispy again.\n*   **Serving:** Served with a dipping sauce of soy sauce, vinegar, chili oil, or sesame"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-9b7ca939-da5d-4425-9ac1-190995b39d86", "role": "assistant", "content": " oil.\n\n**Stinky Tofu (臭豆腐)**\n\n*   **Description:** Fermented tofu with a strong odor and unique savory flavor.\n*   **Ingredients:** Tofu, brine (fermented vegetables, dried shrimp, spices).\n*   **Preparation:** Soak tofu in brine for days or weeks. Deep"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-9b7ca939-da5d-4425-9ac1-190995b39d86", "role": "assistant", "content": "-fry until crispy.\n*   **Serving:** Served as a street food snack, often skewered and dipped in sauces.\n\n**Gansi Tofu (干丝)**\n\n*   **Description:** Silken tofu in a clear broth.\n*   **Ingredients:** Silken tofu, broth (dried shiitake mushrooms,"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-9b7ca939-da5d-4425-9ac1-190995b39d86", "role": "assistant", "content": " bamboo shoots, dried shrimp, or chicken bones).\n*   **Preparation:** Cut tofu into cubes or slices. Simmer the broth ingredients. Add tofu to the broth and heat through.\n*   **Serving:** Served in a bowl with chopped green onions or cilantro.\n\n**Mandarin Sweet and Sour Fish (糖醋"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-9b7ca939-da5d-4425-9ac1-190995b39d86", "role": "assistant", "content": "鱼)**\n\n*   **Description:** A regional variation of the classic sweet and sour fish dish.\n*   **Ingredients:** Fish, salt, pepper, Shaoxing wine or rice wine, cornstarch or batter, vinegar, sugar, ketchup, soy sauce.\n*   **Preparation:** Marinate and coat the"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-9b7ca939-da5d-4425-9ac1-190995b39d86", "role": "assistant", "content": " fish, then deep-fry until crispy. Prepare the sweet and sour sauce separately.\n*   **Serving:** Served hot and garnished with sliced green onions or cilantro.\n\n**Freshwater Crabs (大闸蟹)**\n\n*   **Description:** Crabs harvested from the rivers and lakes around Nanjing.\n*"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-9b7ca939-da5d-4425-9ac1-190995b39d86", "role": "assistant", "content": "   **Ingredients:** Freshwater crabs.\n*   **Preparation:** Steam or boil the crabs.\n*   **Serving:** Served whole, with specialized crab utensils to extract the meat. Can be used in dishes like crab roe xiaolongbao or crab meat fried rice.\n\nNow I will compile all the information into"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-9b7ca939-da5d-4425-9ac1-190995b39d86", "role": "assistant", "content": " the requested format.\n\n**Problem Statement:**\n\nResearch and compile a comprehensive list of traditional Nanjing dishes, including their names (in both English and Chinese), detailed descriptions of ingredients and preparation methods, and historical origins. Identify dishes that are representative of Nanjing's culinary heritage and those that are less well-known but still significant"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-9b7ca939-da5d-4425-9ac1-190995b39d86", "role": "assistant", "content": ". Document the specific cooking techniques that characterize Nanjing cuisine.\n\n**Research Findings:**\n\nNanjing cuisine, hailing from the capital of Jiangsu Province, is known for its rich flavors, fresh ingredients, and a blend of historical influences. This culinary tradition is characterized by its emphasis on duck, various seafood, and local specialties that reflect the region"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-9b7ca939-da5d-4425-9ac1-190995b39d86", "role": "assistant", "content": "’s geography and culture. Dishes often balance salty and sweet flavors, with a preference for slightly sweet sauces. Nanjing is also famous for its variety of street foods and snacks, especially in the Fuzimiao (Confucius Temple) area. Seasonality and freshness are also key, with dishes and ingredients changing to reflect what"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-9b7ca939-da5d-4425-9ac1-190995b39d86", "role": "assistant", "content": "’s freshly available.\n\nHere is a list of key traditional Nanjing dishes:\n\n*   **Nanjing Salted Duck (南京盐水鸭)**\n\n    *   Description: A traditional Nanjing dish featuring duck that is cured with salt and spices. It's known for its savory flavor with a hint of sweetness"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-9b7ca939-da5d-4425-9ac1-190995b39d86", "role": "assistant", "content": " and a delicate saltiness. The skin is thin and crispy, contrasting with the tender meat.\n    *   Ingredients: Duck (whole, about 4-5 lbs), Coarse salt (1 cup), Szechuan peppercorns (1 tablespoon), Star anise (2 pods), Ginger (4 slices),"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-9b7ca939-da5d-4425-9ac1-190995b39d86", "role": "assistant", "content": " Garlic (4 cloves), Green onions (2 stalks), Soy sauce (1/4 cup), Cooking wine, White pepper powder, Bay leaves, Cinnamon\n    *   Preparation: 1. Rinse the duck thoroughly and pat it dry. 2. Mix coarse salt with Szechuan peppercorns, star anise,"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-9b7ca939-da5d-4425-9ac1-190995b39d86", "role": "assistant", "content": " ginger, and crushed garlic. 3. Rub the salt mixture generously all over the duck, including the cavity. 4. Place the duck in a large dish, cover it with plastic wrap, and refrigerate for 24 hours. 5. Rinse off the salt mixture under cold running water and pat the"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-9b7ca939-da5d-4425-9ac1-190995b39d86", "role": "assistant", "content": " duck dry. 6. In a pot, bring water to a boil and add green onions and soy sauce. 7. Carefully add the duck to the pot, reduce heat, and simmer for about 1.5 hours, until tender. 8. Remove the duck from the pot and let it cool slightly"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-9b7ca939-da5d-4425-9ac1-190995b39d86", "role": "assistant", "content": ". 9. Slice the duck into serving pieces.\n    *   Serving: Typically served sliced, either as a standalone dish or as part of a larger meal. It can be accompanied by condiments like soy sauce, hoisin sauce, scallions, and cucumbers. The slices of salted duck can be wrapped in thin"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-9b7ca939-da5d-4425-9ac1-190995b39d86", "role": "assistant", "content": " pancakes or enjoyed with steamed buns.\n    *   Historical Origins: Nanjing Salted Duck is a traditional dish that has been enjoyed for centuries and holds a significant place in the local cuisine.\n\n      ![Nanjing Salted Duck](https://thewoksoflife.com/wp-content/uploads/2"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-9b7ca939-da5d-4425-9ac1-190995b39d86", "role": "assistant", "content": "015/07/nanjing-salted-duck-3-1-599x599.jpg)\n\n*   **Jinling Roast Duck (金陵烤鸭)**\n\n    *   Description: A famous variation of roast duck originating in Nanjing. It is similar to Peking duck"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-9b7ca939-da5d-4425-9ac1-190995b39d86", "role": "assistant", "content": " but with its own distinct flavor. It's known for its crispy skin and tender, juicy meat.\n    *   Ingredients: Whole duck (4-5 lbs), Soy sauce, Ginger, Garlic, Sugar, Cooking wine, Five-spice powder, Honey, Rice vinegar, Salt\n    *   Preparation:"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-9b7ca939-da5d-4425-9ac1-190995b39d86", "role": "assistant", "content": " 1. Clean and dress the duck. 2. Marinate the duck inside and out with salt, sugar, cooking wine, soy sauce, and five-spice powder. Marinate in the refrigerator for 2-3 days. 3. Mix honey, soy sauce, and rice vinegar and brush the duck"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-9b7ca939-da5d-4425-9ac1-190995b39d86", "role": "assistant", "content": " skin. 4. Hang the duck or place it on a rack in the fridge to dry. 5. Roast in a closed oven using fruit tree wood as fuel. This gives it a smoky aroma and golden-brown color.\n    *   Serving: Typically served sliced, accompanied by thin pancakes or steamed buns"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-9b7ca939-da5d-4425-9ac1-190995b39d86", "role": "assistant", "content": ". The slices of duck are traditionally enjoyed by wrapping them in pancakes along with condiments like hoisin sauce, cucumber, scallions, and sometimes sugar or garlic paste.\n    *   Historical Origins: Jinling is Nanjing's historical moniker, meaning \"capital of Jin.\"\n\n      ![Jinling Roast Duck](https"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-9b7ca939-da5d-4425-9ac1-190995b39d86", "role": "assistant", "content": "://i0.wp.com/bossyflossie.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/08/Nanjing-Impression-Chinese-Roast-Duck.jpg)\n\n*   **Duck Blood Vermicelli Soup (鸭血粉丝汤)**\n\n    *   "}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-9b7ca939-da5d-4425-9ac1-190995b39d86", "role": "assistant", "content": "Description: A popular and savory soup in Nanjing cuisine, made with duck blood curd, vermicelli noodles, and a flavorful broth. It often includes other ingredients like duck meat, tofu, and dried shrimp.\n    *   Ingredients: Duck blood curd, Vermicelli noodles, Duck broth, Duck meat (optional), T"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-9b7ca939-da5d-4425-9ac1-190995b39d86", "role": "assistant", "content": "ofu, Dried shrimp, Ginger, Garlic, Chinese medicinal herbs (optional), Soy sauce, Chili oil or other spices (optional), Scallions or cilantro for garnish\n    *   Preparation: 1. Simmer the ingredients together in a flavorful duck broth. 2. Slice the duck blood curd and add it"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-9b7ca939-da5d-4425-9ac1-190995b39d86", "role": "assistant", "content": " to the soup. 3. Add vermicelli noodles, duck meat, tofu, dried shrimp, and other ingredients. 4. Cook until the ingredients are tender and infused with the soup's flavors. 5. Season with soy sauce, ginger, garlic, and chili oil or other spices to taste.\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-9b7ca939-da5d-4425-9ac1-190995b39d86", "role": "assistant", "content": "    *   Serving: Typically served hot in a bowl and garnished with chopped scallions or cilantro.\n    *   Historical Origins: A traditional delicacy in Nanjing, often found at food stalls in areas like Fuzimiao.\n\n      ![Duck Blood Vermicelli Soup](https://www.mychineserec"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-9b7ca939-da5d-4425-9ac1-190995b39d86", "role": "assistant", "content": "ipes.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/11/Duck-Blood-Soup-With-Vermicelli-Recipe.jpg)\n\n*   **Tangbao (汤包)**\n\n    *   Description: Soup dumplings filled with a flavorful broth and a mixture of meat and/or"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-9b7ca939-da5d-4425-9ac1-190995b39d86", "role": "assistant", "content": " vegetables.\n    *   Ingredients: Minced pork, shrimp, crab meat (optional), bamboo shoots or mushrooms (optional), broth (made from meat or bones, spices, and seasonings).\n    *   Preparation: Fill thin dumpling wrappers with the meat/vegetable mixture and gelatinous broth. Steam in bamboo"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-9b7ca939-da5d-4425-9ac1-190995b39d86", "role": "assistant", "content": " steamers until cooked.\n    *   Serving: Served in bamboo steamers with a dipping sauce made of soy sauce, vinegar, ginger, or chili oil.\n\n      ![Tangbao](https://cdn.tasteatlas.com/images/dishes/4193a4937e364"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-9b7ca939-da5d-4425-9ac1-190995b39d86", "role": "assistant", "content": "87293315290f40f1874.jpg)\n\n*   **Egg Shaomai (蛋饺烧卖)**\n\n    *   Description: A type of steamed dumpling made with eggs, ground pork, shrimp, mushrooms, and seasonings.\n    *   Ingredients"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-9b7ca939-da5d-4425-9ac1-190995b39d86", "role": "assistant", "content": ": Eggs, ground pork, shrimp, mushrooms, soy sauce, ginger, garlic, sesame oil.\n    *   Preparation: Mix the filling ingredients. Spoon onto a dumpling wrapper, fold into a pleated shape, and top with shrimp. Steam in bamboo steamers.\n    *   Serving: Served in bamboo steamers,"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-9b7ca939-da5d-4425-9ac1-190995b39d86", "role": "assistant", "content": " with or without condiments.\n\n      ![Egg Shaomai](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/9/94/Shaomai.jpg/800px-Shaomai.jpg)\n\n*   **Pan-fried Beef Dumplings (牛肉锅贴)**"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-9b7ca939-da5d-4425-9ac1-190995b39d86", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n\n    *   Description: Dumplings filled with ground beef and seasonings, pan-fried until crispy on the bottom.\n    *   Ingredients: Ground beef, ginger, garlic, green onions, soy sauce, sesame oil, Sichuan peppercorns (optional).\n    *   Preparation: Fill dumpling wrappers with the"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-9b7ca939-da5d-4425-9ac1-190995b39d86", "role": "assistant", "content": " beef mixture. Pan-fry until the bottom is golden and crispy, then add water and cover to steam. Continue frying until the water evaporates and the bottom is crispy again.\n    *   Serving: Served with a dipping sauce of soy sauce, vinegar, chili oil, or sesame oil.\n\n      ![Pan-"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-9b7ca939-da5d-4425-9ac1-190995b39d86", "role": "assistant", "content": "fried Beef Dumplings](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/3/37/Guotie2.JPG/800px-Guotie2.JPG)\n\n*   **Stinky Tofu (臭豆腐)**\n\n    *   Description: Fermented tofu"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-9b7ca939-da5d-4425-9ac1-190995b39d86", "role": "assistant", "content": " with a strong odor and unique savory flavor.\n    *   Ingredients: Tofu, brine (fermented vegetables, dried shrimp, spices).\n    *   Preparation: Soak tofu in brine for days or weeks. Deep-fry until crispy.\n    *   Serving: Served as a street food snack, often"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-9b7ca939-da5d-4425-9ac1-190995b39d86", "role": "assistant", "content": " skewered and dipped in sauces.\n\n      ![Stinky Tofu](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/9/94/Stinkytofu.JPG/800px-Stinkytofu.JPG)\n\n*   **Gansi Tofu (干丝"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-9b7ca939-da5d-4425-9ac1-190995b39d86", "role": "assistant", "content": ")**\n\n    *   Description: Silken tofu in a clear broth.\n    *   Ingredients: Silken tofu, broth (dried shiitake mushrooms, bamboo shoots, dried shrimp, or chicken bones).\n    *   Preparation: Cut tofu into cubes or slices. Simmer the broth ingredients. Add tofu to"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-9b7ca939-da5d-4425-9ac1-190995b39d86", "role": "assistant", "content": " the broth and heat through.\n    *   Serving: Served in a bowl with chopped green onions or cilantro.\n\n      ![Gansi Tofu](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/7/77/Huaian_Gansi.jpg/800px-Huaian"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-9b7ca939-da5d-4425-9ac1-190995b39d86", "role": "assistant", "content": "_Gansi.jpg)\n\n*   **Mandarin Sweet and Sour Fish (糖醋鱼)**\n\n    *   Description: A regional variation of the classic sweet and sour fish dish.\n    *   Ingredients: Fish, salt, pepper, Shaoxing wine or rice wine, cornstarch or batter, vinegar"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-9b7ca939-da5d-4425-9ac1-190995b39d86", "role": "assistant", "content": ", sugar, ketchup, soy sauce.\n    *   Preparation: Marinate and coat the fish, then deep-fry until crispy. Prepare the sweet and sour sauce separately.\n    *   Serving: Served hot and garnished with sliced green onions or cilantro.\n\n      ![Mandarin Sweet and Sour Fish](https"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-9b7ca939-da5d-4425-9ac1-190995b39d86", "role": "assistant", "content": "://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/41/Squirrel-shaped_Mandarin_fish_-_Suzhou_20161015_1.jpg/800px-Squirrel-shaped_Mandarin_fish_-_Suzhou_2016"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-9b7ca939-da5d-4425-9ac1-190995b39d86", "role": "assistant", "content": "1015_1.jpg)\n\n*   **Freshwater Crabs (大闸蟹)**\n\n    *   Description: Crabs harvested from the rivers and lakes around Nanjing.\n    *   Ingredients: Freshwater crabs.\n    *   Preparation: Steam or boil the crabs.\n    *   "}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-9b7ca939-da5d-4425-9ac1-190995b39d86", "role": "assistant", "content": "Serving: Served whole, with specialized crab utensils to extract the meat. Can be used in dishes like crab roe xiaolongbao or crab meat fried rice.\n\n      ![Freshwater Crabs](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/b/b5/Yangcheng_Lake_h"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-9b7ca939-da5d-4425-9ac1-190995b39d86", "role": "assistant", "content": "airy_crab_2017.jpg/800px-Yangcheng_Lake_hairy_crab_2017.jpg)\n\n**Conclusion:**\n\nNanjing cuisine is a diverse and flavorful culinary tradition with a rich history. The dishes highlighted above represent some of the most iconic and"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-9b7ca939-da5d-4425-9ac1-190995b39d86", "role": "assistant", "content": " beloved foods in the region. From the delicate flavors of Nanjing Salted Duck to the comforting warmth of Duck Blood Vermicelli Soup, these dishes offer a glimpse into the unique culinary landscape of Nanjing.\n\n**References:**\n\n- [Where to Eat in Nanjing: Top 15 Must-Visit Spots](https://letstravelto"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-9b7ca939-da5d-4425-9ac1-190995b39d86", "role": "assistant", "content": "china.com/where-to-eat-in-nanjing/)\n\n- [What to eat in Nanjing? — 11+ best Nanjing street food & Nanjing famous ...](https://livingnomads.com/2023/10/nanjing-street-food/)\n\n- [Discover"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-9b7ca939-da5d-4425-9ac1-190995b39d86", "role": "assistant", "content": " the Best Traditional Foods of Nanjing: A Culinary Journey](https://www.eastchinatrip.com/nanjing-traditional-foods-guide/)\n\n- [The authentic recipe for Nanjing Salted Duck | Chinafoodbook](https://www.chinafoodbook.com/700eb1e8"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-9b7ca939-da5d-4425-9ac1-190995b39d86", "role": "assistant", "content": "de.html)\n\n- [Nanjing Salted Duck Recipe - Simple Chinese Food](https://simplechinesefood.com/recipe/nanjing-salted-duck)\n\n- [Nanjing Salted Duck Recipe - Cook Your Yummy Cuisine](https://cookyouryum.com/recipes/chinese"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-9b7ca939-da5d-4425-9ac1-190995b39d86", "role": "assistant", "content": "/nanjing-salted-duck/)\n\n- [Authentic Nanjing Jinling Roast Duck Recipe | Chinafoodbook](https://www.chinafoodbook.com/52fbc1399f.html)\n\n- [Duck blood and vermicelli soup (Ya xie fen si tang) - TasteAtlas"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-9b7ca939-da5d-4425-9ac1-190995b39d86", "role": "assistant", "content": "](https://www.tasteatlas.com/duck-blood-and-vermicelli-soup)\n\n- [Duck Blood and Vermicelli Soup - Gastro Obscura](https://www.atlasobscura.com/foods/duck-blood-vermicelli-soup)\n", "finish_reason": "stop"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-396b0277-36ac-4a19-9638-c8cd7041730d", "role": "assistant", "content": "Okay, I understand"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-396b0277-36ac-4a19-9638-c8cd7041730d", "role": "assistant", "content": ". I will investigate the history and cultural significance of Nanjing Cuisine, focusing on its"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-396b0277-36ac-4a19-9638-c8cd7041730d", "role": "assistant", "content": " historical influences, cultural significance of specific dishes, and its evolution over time. I will use"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-396b0277-36ac-4a19-9638-c8cd7041730d", "role": "assistant", "content": " the available tools to gather information and present my findings in a structured markdown format, with a dedicated \"References\" section at the end.\n\nHere's my plan"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-396b0277-36ac-4a19-9638-c8cd7041730d", "role": "assistant", "content": ":\n\n1.  **Initial Web Search:** I'll start with a broad web search to gather general information about the history and cultural significance of Nanjing cuisine."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-396b0277-36ac-4a19-9638-c8cd7041730d", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n2.  **Refine Search Queries:** Based on the initial search results, I will refine my queries to focus on specific aspects like the cuisine's historical influences, signature dishes, and evolution.\n3.  **Identify Key Dishes"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-396b0277-36ac-4a19-9638-c8cd7041730d", "role": "assistant", "content": " and their Significance:** I will pay close attention to identifying specific Nanjing dishes and their cultural significance, particularly their connection to local customs, festivals, and celebrations.\n4.  **Investigate Historical Influences:** I will delve into the historical influences"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-396b0277-36ac-4a19-9638-c8cd7041730d", "role": "assistant", "content": " that have shaped Nanjing's culinary traditions, especially its role as a former capital city.\n5.  **Explore the Evolution of Nanjing Cuisine:** I will research the evolution of Nanjing cuisine over time, identifying key periods of change and the factors that contributed to them.\n6.  **Crawl Relevant URLs (If"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-396b0277-36ac-4a19-9638-c8cd7041730d", "role": "assistant", "content": " Necessary):** If the search results point to particularly relevant articles or resources, I will use the `crawl_tool` to extract more detailed information.\n7.  **Synthesize and Organize Findings:** I will synthesize the information gathered from all sources, organizing it into a clear and concise report.\n8.  **Create References"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-396b0277-36ac-4a19-9638-c8cd7041730d", "role": "assistant", "content": " Section:** I will create a comprehensive \"References\" section with links to all the sources used.\n\nNow, let's start with the initial web search.\n"}

event: tool_calls
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-396b0277-36ac-4a19-9638-c8cd7041730d", "role": "assistant", "finish_reason": "tool_calls", "tool_calls": [{"name": "web_search", "args": {"query": "history and cultural significance of Nanjing cuisine"}, "id": "", "type": "tool_call"}], "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": "web_search", "args": "{\"query\":\"history and cultural significance of Nanjing cuisine\"}", "id": "", "index": null, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_result
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "7c691bbc-c50b-4ecd-aad6-93ad1a9c5b56", "role": "assistant", "content": "[{\"type\": \"page\", \"title\": \"A Culinary Journey Through Nanjing: Exploring the City's Rich Food Culture\", \"url\": \"https://chinatraveltips.de/s/en/Nanjing+Food/10649\", \"content\": \"The Influence of Nanjing's History on Its Cuisine Nanjing's rich history as a former capital of China has had a profound impact on its cuisine. The city's food reflects its historical significance and cultural heritage, with many dishes having been passed down through generations. 1. Historical Influences\", \"score\": 0.8923472}, {\"type\": \"page\", \"title\": \"Culinary Delights of the South Capital: Top 10 Foods to Eat in Nanjing\", \"url\": \"https://chinatraveltales.com/article/culinary-delights-of-the-south-capital-top-10-foods-to-eat-in-nanjing\", \"content\": \"Discover Nanjing's Gastronomic Heritage. Each dish in Nanjing not only tantalizes the taste buds but also tells a story of the city's rich cultural tapestry. Beyond the historical significance, the social aspect of sharing a meal with friends or family ties in deeply with the cultural identity of this vibrant metropolis.\", \"score\": 0.82560414}, {\"type\": \"page\", \"title\": \"Must-Try Foods In Nanjing (China) For Tourists 2025 - TravelSetu.com\", \"url\": \"https://travelsetu.com/guide/nanjing-tourism/food-in-nanjing\", \"content\": \"Nanjing Food History. The culinary history of Nanjing, China, has been shaped by its status as a former capital during six dynasties and as the capital of the Republic of China prior to Beijing. This rich history has imbued Nanjing cuisine, also known as Jinling cuisine, with a diverse array of flavors and dishes, showcasing the sophistication\", \"score\": 0.8252664}, {\"type\": \"image\", \"image_url\": \"https://www.gonanjingchina.com/sites/default/files/images/things-to-do/food/Eight+Famous+Snacks+of+the+Qinhuai+River_thumb.jpg\", \"image_description\": null}, {\"type\": \"image\", \"image_url\": \"https://www.laviezine.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/09/Duck-Soaked-in-Brine.jpg\", \"image_description\": \"A platter showcases succulent pieces of Nanjing-style salted duck, highlighting their tender, glistening skin and juicy meat.\"}, {\"type\": \"image\", \"image_url\": \"https://windhorsetour.com/sites/default/files/2021-03/nanjing-cuisine.png\", \"image_description\": null}, {\"type\": \"image\", \"image_url\": \"http://laviezine.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/09/Tangbao-1024x819.jpg\", \"image_description\": null}, {\"type\": \"image\", \"image_url\": \"https://www.gotonanjing.com/sites/default/files/teaser-img/1474928070-nanjing-dining.jpg\", \"image_description\": \"A large group of people enjoys a communal feast featuring various dishes representative of Nanjing cuisine, highlighted by lively interactions and festive decorations.\"}]", "tool_call_id": ""}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-782a28a2-bcf8-4e23-bbf4-050640e3fb2d", "role": "assistant", "content": "The"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-782a28a2-bcf8-4e23-bbf4-050640e3fb2d", "role": "assistant", "content": " initial search results provide a good starting point. Several results highlight Nanjing's history"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-782a28a2-bcf8-4e23-bbf4-050640e3fb2d", "role": "assistant", "content": " as a former capital and its influence on the cuisine. Let's refine the search to focus"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-782a28a2-bcf8-4e23-bbf4-050640e3fb2d", "role": "assistant", "content": " on specific dishes and their cultural connections.\n"}

event: tool_calls
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-782a28a2-bcf8-4e23-bbf4-050640e3fb2d", "role": "assistant", "finish_reason": "tool_calls", "tool_calls": [{"name": "web_search", "args": {"query": "Nanjing cuisine signature dishes cultural significance"}, "id": "", "type": "tool_call"}], "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": "web_search", "args": "{\"query\":\"Nanjing cuisine signature dishes cultural significance\"}", "id": "", "index": null, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_result
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "b0116806-a3a7-4d90-a6bc-f9eb73219d06", "role": "assistant", "content": "[{\"type\": \"page\", \"title\": \"A Culinary Journey Through Nanjing: Exploring the City's Rich Food Culture\", \"url\": \"https://chinatraveltips.de/s/en/Nanjing+Food/10649\", \"content\": \"ConclusionNanjing’s food culture is a testament to the city’s rich history and tradition. From iconic dishes like Salted Duck and Duck Blood Soup to vibrant street food and modern culinary innovations, Nanjing offers a diverse and exciting gastronomic experience. Whether you are a local resident or a visitor, exploring the city’s food scene is a journey through its cultural heritage and culinary artistry.\\n\\nTags:\\n\\nRelated Articles\\n\\nNotable Achievements of Early China [...] 1. Salted DuckOne of the most iconic dishes from Nanjing is the Salted Duck (盐水鸭). This dish is known for its tender and flavorful meat, which is achieved through a meticulous preparation process involving brining and seasoning. The duck is marinated with a mix of salt, spices, and herbs, then slowly cooked to perfection. The result is a delicacy with a rich, savory taste and a tender texture that has been cherished for centuries. [...] The Influence of Nanjing’s History on Its CuisineNanjing’s rich history as a former capital of China has had a profound impact on its cuisine. The city’s food reflects its historical significance and cultural heritage, with many dishes having been passed down through generations.\", \"score\": 0.8259413, \"raw_content\": \"A Culinary Journey Through Nanjing: Exploring the City’s Rich Food Culture\\n\\nTraditional Nanjing CuisineNanjing cuisine is characterized by its emphasis on fresh ingredients and bold flavors, with a focus on preserving the original taste of the food. The city’s culinary tradition is deeply influenced by its history as an ancient capital, which is reflected in its food.\\n\\n1. Salted DuckOne of the most iconic dishes from Nanjing is the Salted Duck (盐水鸭). This dish is known for its tender and flavorful meat, which is achieved through a meticulous preparation process involving brining and seasoning. The duck is marinated with a mix of salt, spices, and herbs, then slowly cooked to perfection. The result is a delicacy with a rich, savory taste and a tender texture that has been cherished for centuries.\\n\\n2. Duck Blood SoupAnother quintessential dish is Duck Blood Soup (鸭血汤). This hearty and comforting soup features duck blood, tofu, and various vegetables, simmered together in a savory broth. The duck blood adds a unique texture and flavor to the soup, making it a beloved comfort food in Nanjing. It is often enjoyed as a warming meal during the colder months.\\n\\n3. Nanjing-style Dried TofuDried tofu (干豆腐) is another staple of Nanjing cuisine. It is often used in salads or stir-fries, and its firm texture makes it a versatile ingredient. The tofu is dried and seasoned, giving it a concentrated flavor that pairs well with a variety of other ingredients. This dish showcases the city’s ability to transform simple ingredients into flavorful meals.\\n\\nStreet Food DelightsNanjing’s street food scene is vibrant and diverse, offering a range of snacks and treats that are popular among locals and visitors alike.\\n\\n1. Nanjing-style PancakesNanjing-style pancakes (南京薄饼) are a popular street food item. These pancakes are thin and crispy, filled with a variety of ingredients such as vegetables, meat, and sauces. They are typically served hot and are a favorite choice for a quick and satisfying meal.\\n\\n2. Fried DumplingsFried dumplings (炸饺子) are another street food favorite. These dumplings are filled with a mixture of meat and vegetables, then pan-fried until crispy. They are often enjoyed with a dipping sauce and make for a delicious and satisfying snack.\\n\\n3. Sweet Rice CakeSweet rice cakes (糖年糕) are a traditional treat that is often enjoyed during festivals and celebrations. These cakes are made from glutinous rice and are typically sweetened with brown sugar or honey. They have a chewy texture and are often served warm.\\n\\nCulinary Culture and Dining EtiquetteDining in Nanjing is not just about the food; it is also about the experience. The city’s dining culture is deeply rooted in tradition, with specific customs and etiquette that are observed during meals.\\n\\n1. Family-style DiningMeals in Nanjing are often enjoyed family-style, with dishes placed in the center of the table for everyone to share. This communal approach to dining fosters a sense of togetherness and allows for a variety of flavors to be experienced.\\n\\n2. Tea CultureTea plays a significant role in Nanjing’s dining culture. It is often served alongside meals and is an integral part of the city’s social life. Traditional tea houses are popular gathering spots where people can relax and enjoy a cup of tea while engaging in conversation.\\n\\n3. Seasonal EatingNanjing cuisine is heavily influenced by the seasons, with different dishes being enjoyed at various times of the year. For example, lighter and refreshing dishes are favored during the summer, while heartier and more warming foods are preferred in the winter.\\n\\nThe Influence of Nanjing’s History on Its CuisineNanjing’s rich history as a former capital of China has had a profound impact on its cuisine. The city’s food reflects its historical significance and cultural heritage, with many dishes having been passed down through generations.\\n\\n1. Historical InfluencesThroughout its history, Nanjing has been influenced by various dynasties and cultures, which is evident in its food. For example, the Ming Dynasty had a significant impact on Nanjing’s culinary traditions, and many dishes from this period are still enjoyed today.\\n\\n2. Regional VariationsNanjing’s cuisine also reflects regional variations within Jiangsu Province. The city’s location along the Yangtze River has influenced its food, with ingredients such as fish and river delicacies being prominent in local dishes.\\n\\nModern Interpretations and InnovationsWhile traditional Nanjing cuisine remains popular, there is also a growing trend of modern interpretations and innovations in the city’s food scene.\\n\\n1. Fusion CuisineMany restaurants in Nanjing are experimenting with fusion cuisine, combining traditional flavors with modern techniques and ingredients. This innovative approach has led to the creation of new and exciting dishes that offer a fresh take on classic flavors.\\n\\n2. Gourmet DiningThe rise of gourmet dining in Nanjing has brought a new level of sophistication to the city’s food scene. High-end restaurants are offering meticulously crafted dishes that showcase the artistry and creativity of contemporary chefs.\\n\\nConclusionNanjing’s food culture is a testament to the city’s rich history and tradition. From iconic dishes like Salted Duck and Duck Blood Soup to vibrant street food and modern culinary innovations, Nanjing offers a diverse and exciting gastronomic experience. Whether you are a local resident or a visitor, exploring the city’s food scene is a journey through its cultural heritage and culinary artistry.\\n\\nTags:\\n\\nRelated Articles\\n\\nNotable Achievements of Early China\\n\\nHow to Find a Private Guide in China\\n\\nThe Future of Renewable Energy in China\\n\\nTop Comments\\n\\nComments\\n\\n\\n\\n\\n\\nNotable Achievements of Early China\\n\\nHow to Find a Private Guide in China\\n\\nThe Future of Renewable Energy in China\\n\\nActivities to Do in Hong Kong with Friends\\n\\nNotable Achievements of Early China\\n\\nHow to Find a Private Guide in China\\n\\nThe Future of Renewable Energy in China\\n\\nActivities to Do in Hong Kong with Friends\\n\\nHow Long Does It Take to Get a Visa for China from the UK?\\n\\nIndia to China Visa Price: A Comprehensive Guide\\n\\nChina's 144-Hour Visa-Free Transit: A Comprehensive Guide\\n\\nChina Business Visa Requirements for UK Citizens\\n\\nShare\\n\\nLatest Comments\\n\\nHow Long Does It Take to Get a Visa for China from the UK?\\n\\nIndia to China Visa Price: A Comprehensive Guide\\n\\nChina's 144-Hour Visa-Free Transit: A Comprehensive Guide\\n\\nChina Business Visa Requirements for UK Citizens\\n\\n中国过境签证要求\\n\\nTraveling Through China: Exploring the Zodiac\\n\\nChina Highlights Travel Agency: Discover Your Perfect China Journey\\n\\nChina Z Visa Processing Time: A Detailed Guide for Applicants\\n\\nDo Singaporeans Need a Visa for China?\\n\\nChina Visa Types Explained\\n\\nTags\\n\\nWe provide fresh news. If helpful, please share our link\\n\\nLatest Picks\\n\\nNotable Achievements of Early China\\n\\nHow to Find a Private Guide in China\\n\\nShare\\n\\nRelated Info\\n\\n\"}, {\"type\": \"page\", \"title\": \"[PDF] Nanjing Cuisine.pdf\", \"url\": \"https://www.gotonanjing.com/sites/default/files/pdf/Nanjing%20Cuisine.pdf\", \"content\": \"Nanjing Salted Duck is the city's signature dish with a history dating back hundreds of years to its height of fame during the Qing Dynasty. To make the dish,\", \"score\": 0.76826453}, {\"type\": \"page\", \"title\": \"The Delicate Delight: Unraveling the History of Xiao Long Bao\", \"url\": \"https://homediningkitchen.com/what-is-the-history-of-xiao-long-bao/\", \"content\": \"Xiao long bao is a beloved dish that has a rich history and cultural significance in Chinese cuisine. From its origins in Nanjing to its evolution in Shanghai, xiao long bao has become a staple of Chinese cuisine, reflecting the values of patience, skill, and attention to detail that are highly valued in Chinese culture.\", \"score\": 0.7640656}, {\"type\": \"image\", \"image_url\": \"https://lp-cms-production.imgix.net/2022-02/Duck+blood+soup+Provide+by+Bolan+vision.jpg?auto=format&q=40&w=870&dpr=4\", \"image_description\": \"A bowl of Nanjing cuisine features translucent noodles being lifted with chopsticks, surrounded by tender meat pieces and vibrant green herbs in a flavorful broth.\"}, {\"type\": \"image\", \"image_url\": \"https://lp-cms-production.imgix.net/2022-02/shutterstock_1382161229.jpg?auto=format&w=1920&q=75\", \"image_description\": \"A dish featuring golden, crispy fried chicken feet coated in a vibrant red sauce, served alongside a piece of another cooked item, likely representing a signature dish from Nanjing cuisine.\"}, {\"type\": \"image\", \"image_url\": \"https://lp-cms-production.imgix.net/2022-02/Shao+mai++Provided+by+Huai+Su.jpg?auto=format&q=75&w=1920\", \"image_description\": \"Three delicately steamed dumplings are presented in a bamboo steamer, showcasing their pleated tops and a flavorful filling visible at the opening.\"}, {\"type\": \"image\", \"image_url\": \"http://i2.cdn.turner.com/cnnnext/dam/assets/151019152530-dsc-0380-super-169.jpg\", \"image_description\": \"A plate features a large, intricately arranged dish of deep-fried fish with a savory sauce, topped with diced vegetables, green peas, and shrimp, accentuating the flavors of Nanjing's special cuisine.\"}, {\"type\": \"image\", \"image_url\": \"https://www.gonanjingchina.com/sites/default/files/images/things-to-do/food/Eight+Famous+Snacks+of+the+Qinhuai+River_thumb.jpg\", \"image_description\": null}]", "tool_call_id": ""}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-fbf1b798-1a71-48f6-97ef-aa15bd8cb553", "role": "assistant", "content": "This"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-fbf1b798-1a71-48f6-97ef-aa15bd8cb553", "role": "assistant", "content": " search confirms that Salted Duck (盐水鸭) is a signature dish of"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-fbf1b798-1a71-48f6-97ef-aa15bd8cb553", "role": "assistant", "content": " Nanjing cuisine with a history dating back hundreds of years. Duck Blood Soup (鸭血汤)"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-fbf1b798-1a71-48f6-97ef-aa15bd8cb553", "role": "assistant", "content": " is another quintessential dish. The search also mentions Nanjing-style Dried Tofu (干豆腐) and several street food delights such as Nanjing-style Pancakes (南京薄饼"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-fbf1b798-1a71-48f6-97ef-aa15bd8cb553", "role": "assistant", "content": "), Fried Dumplings (炸饺子), and Sweet Rice Cakes (糖年糕). The results emphasize that Nanjing cuisine is influenced by its history as an ancient capital."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-fbf1b798-1a71-48f6-97ef-aa15bd8cb553", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n\nLet's investigate the historical influences in more detail.\n"}

event: tool_calls
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-fbf1b798-1a71-48f6-97ef-aa15bd8cb553", "role": "assistant", "finish_reason": "tool_calls", "tool_calls": [{"name": "web_search", "args": {"query": "historical influences on Nanjing cuisine"}, "id": "", "type": "tool_call"}], "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": "web_search", "args": "{\"query\":\"historical influences on Nanjing cuisine\"}", "id": "", "index": null, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_result
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "90c172cf-42a2-4b91-9e7c-61e2a492bce3", "role": "assistant", "content": "[{\"type\": \"page\", \"title\": \"A Culinary Journey Through Nanjing: Exploring the City's Rich Food Culture\", \"url\": \"https://chinatraveltips.de/s/en/Nanjing+Food/10649\", \"content\": \"The Influence of Nanjing's History on Its Cuisine Nanjing's rich history as a former capital of China has had a profound impact on its cuisine. The city's food reflects its historical significance and cultural heritage, with many dishes having been passed down through generations. 1. Historical Influences\", \"score\": 0.8884594}, {\"type\": \"page\", \"title\": \"Where to Eat in Nanjing: Top 15 Must-Visit Spots\", \"url\": \"https://letstraveltochina.com/where-to-eat-in-nanjing/\", \"content\": \"Nanjing cuisine, hailing from the capital of Jiangsu Province, is known for its rich flavors, fresh ingredients, and a blend of historical influences. This culinary tradition is characterized by its emphasis on duck, various seafood, and local specialties that reflect the region’s geography and culture.\\n1. Signature Dishes\\n2. Influence of the Yangtze River [...] Nanjing, one of China’s ancient capitals, is not only known for its historical landmarks but also for its rich and diverse culinary scene. Situated in the heart of the Jiangsu region, Nanjing boasts a cuisine that reflects the city’s deep connection to its rivers, lakes, and fertile lands. From iconic dishes like Nanjing salted duck to beloved street foods, the flavors of Nanjing are both delicate and flavorful, embodying the essence of Jiangsu cuisine. Its food culture is a perfect blend of [...] For over 40 years, Jinling Hotel’s Plum Garden has been a go-to favorite among Nanjing locals. Situated on the second floor, the restaurant features both Beijing and Huaiyang cuisines. The entire restaurant retains the authentic historical flavor.\\nTheir salted duck is regarded as Nanjing’s finest, prepared with premium ingredients and perfectly marinated. The tender, flavorful meat offers a delightful start to any meal.\", \"score\": 0.8306082, \"raw_content\": \"Where to Eat in Nanjing: Top 15 Must-Visit Spots\\nNanjing, one of China’s ancient capitals, is not only known for its historical landmarks but also for its rich and diverse culinary scene. Situated in the heart of the Jiangsu region, Nanjing boasts a cuisine that reflects the city’s deep connection to its rivers, lakes, and fertile lands. From iconic dishes like Nanjing salted duck to beloved street foods, the flavors of Nanjing are both delicate and flavorful, embodying the essence of Jiangsu cuisine. Its food culture is a perfect blend of tradition, regional ingredients, and centuries-old cooking techniques that continue to draw food enthusiasts from around the world. \\nIn this post, I’ll share my top 15 restaurant picks where you can enjoy the best Nanjing has to offer, delving into the city’s must-try dishes and what makes its food scene truly unique.\\nYou might also be interested in:☀️The 22 Best Things to Do in Nanjing in 2025🌟Where to Eat: 30 Top Restaurants in Guangzhou🍲Where to Eat: 24 Top Restaurants in Chengdu 2025⭐Where to Eat: 91 Best Restaurants in Beijing in 2025\\nTable of Contents\\nDisclosure: This article contains affiliate links. If you make a purchase after clicking one of these links, I earn a small commission at no extra cost to you. You can learn more about this in my disclosure policy.\\n🌟Nanjing Travel Planning Guide\\nConsidering a last-minute trip to Nanjing?🇨🇳 Top Activities and Tours in Nanjing:1. 3-Hour Nanjing Authentic Local Food Tour by Public Transportation2. Flexible Private Nanjing City Night Tour with Dinner Option3. Flexible Private Nanjing City Highlights Day Tour🌐Make sure to install ExpressVPN or NordVPN in advance for unrestricted internet access during your stay in China!\\n☀️What You Need to Know About Nanjing Cuisine\\nNanjing cuisine, hailing from the capital of Jiangsu Province, is known for its rich flavors, fresh ingredients, and a blend of historical influences. This culinary tradition is characterized by its emphasis on duck, various seafood, and local specialties that reflect the region’s geography and culture.\\n1. Signature Dishes\\n2. Influence of the Yangtze River\\nNanjing’s location along the Yangtze River significantly impacts its cuisine. The abundance of freshwater fish and seafood is prominent in many dishes, showcasing the region’s natural resources.\\n3. Focus on Duck\\nDuck is a cornerstone of Nanjing cuisine, and the city is known for its duck dishes, which are often prepared in various ways. Besides salted duck, you’ll also find dishes like roast duck and stir-fried duck with vegetables.\\n4. Regional Variations\\nWhile Nanjing cuisine has its distinct identity, it also shares similarities with Jiangsu cuisine as a whole. Jiangsu cuisine is known for its emphasis on sweetness and careful preparation, which can also be seen in many Nanjing dishes.\\n5. Saltiness and Sweetness\\nDishes often balance salty and sweet flavors, with a preference for slightly sweet sauces. This is evident in many of their signature dishes.\\n6. Variety of Local Snacks\\nNanjing is famous for its variety of street foods and snacks, especially in the Fuzimiao (Confucius Temple) area. Popular snacks include buns, dumplings, pan-fried dumplings (锅贴), wontons, shaobing (烧饼), yuanxiao (元宵), and fermented rice wine desserts (酒酿).\\n7. Seasonality and Freshness\\nNanjing cuisine celebrates the seasons, with dishes and ingredients changing to reflect what’s freshly available. For instance, spring brings leeks, snails, and toon leaves; summer offers amaranth greens and gourds; autumn is crab season; and winter features napa cabbage and radishes. The focus is always on using the freshest seasonal produce to enhance flavor and nutrition.\\n⭐Top 15 Local Nanjing Restaurants\\n1. Jinling Hotel Plum Garden – 金陵饭店·梅苑\\nFor over 40 years, Jinling Hotel’s Plum Garden has been a go-to favorite among Nanjing locals. Situated on the second floor, the restaurant features both Beijing and Huaiyang cuisines. The entire restaurant retains the authentic historical flavor.\\nTheir salted duck is regarded as Nanjing’s finest, prepared with premium ingredients and perfectly marinated. The tender, flavorful meat offers a delightful start to any meal.\\nSwamp eels are a popular delicacy in the Jiangsu-Shanghai region. In Huaiyang cuisine, they’re often prepared “ruandou” (软兜) style, where eels are boiled, filleted, and stir-fried with garlic and onions, resulting in tender, noodle-like strips.\\nNo visit to Nanjing is complete without tasting duck blood and vermicelli soup! The version here is exceptional, with no off-putting flavors from the duck blood or innards, and the chili oil adds a wonderfully aromatic touch.\\n📍Address: The second floor of Jinling Hotel, Hanzhong Road, Gulou District\\n2. Hongchu Xiang – 红厨巷\\nFor an authentic Nanjing dining experience, head to the city’s old southern district. This restaurant on Xianhe Street has been a local favorite for over ten years, known for its great food at reasonable prices, attracting food-savvy locals.\\nTheir signature dish is the “ruandou” (软兜) style swamp eel, prepared fresh with hand-deboned eel. This dish never gets old! The eel is tender and silky, served hot with a mildly sweet sauce that’s incredibly satisfying.\\nAnother must-try is the Nanjing-style abalone braised with chicken. The dish is generously portioned, with large, chewy abalones paired with tender chicken that falls right off the bone, soaking up the rich abalone broth for extra flavor.\\nFor something heartier, try the braised beef tendons, served hot in a clay pot, the beef is stewed until tender, with the tendons offering a nice chew.\\nTheir gold medal prawns are another highlight – fresh, with crispy fried shells and tender meat inside, served with a tangy-sweet sauce that bursts with flavor.\\n📍Address: 9 Xianhe Street, Qinhuai District\\n3. Lao Gulou Tangbao – 老鼓楼汤包\\nLao Gulou Tangbao stands out as one of Nanjing’s top soup dumpling spots. The prices are reasonable, making it an excellent choice for sampling Nanjing’s street food.\\nTheir star dish is the classic tangbao, with most diners ordering at least one basket. The dumplings are large, with delicate thin skins and a generous filling of juicy, tender meat. The filling is slightly sweet and soft, and it’s rumored that aspic is added during preparation to enhance the broth. Every basket is made fresh to order, ensuring a burst of freshness with each bite.\\nThe shepherd’s purse tangbao, featuring a mix of the vegetable and meat, is also on the menu. However, the meat remains the dominant ingredient. Personally, I found it less impressive than the original tangbao, with less broth and a less robust flavor.\\nAs for their duck blood and vermicelli soup, a famous Nanjing snack, it tastes similar to other versions around town. However, their soup stands out by being extra generous with the duck offal, making it a hearty and satisfying dish.\\n📍Address: 10 Taipingmen Street, Xuanwu District\\n4. Lvliuju Restaurant – 绿柳居菜馆\\nAs one of Nanjing’s oldest and most iconic establishments, Lvliuju Restaurant boasts a long history and specializes in halal and vegetarian cuisine. The restaurant is particularly known for its ability to create vegetarian dishes that resemble meat. Their “all-vegetarian banquet” features dishes like “chicken and duck” crafted from tofu skin, gluten, and dried tofu. The elegant ambiance, rich in cultural significance, makes it a popular destination for tourists.\\nA must-try is the “Squirrel Fish,” where tofu is molded into the shape of a fish and deep-fried, creating a crispy outer layer while keeping the inside tender and juicy. When topped with a special sauce, the flavors truly stand out.\\nAnother highlight is the “Vegetarian Roasted Goose,” made from tofu skin filled with mushrooms, carrots, and other ingredients. The texture and taste offer a delightful mix of the richness of goose and the freshness of vegetarian food.\\nTheir vegetarian buns are also well-known, with a soft dough and flavorful filling that surpasses the taste of typical meat-filled buns.\\nFinally, the beef potstickers are crisp on the outside with a juicy filling inside, reminiscent of soup dumplings, with a hint of sweetness that elevates the flavor.\\n📍Address: 248 Taiping S Street, Qinhuai District\\n5. Zhang Yun Salted Duck – 章云板鸭\\nIn Nanjing, duck dishes are a staple everywhere, deeply ingrained in local life. Among them, “Zhang Yun Salted Duck” is a well-known name.\\nThe restaurant’s signature salted duck stands out with its chewy texture, different from roast duck. The duck meat isn’t too salty on its own, and when topped with sauce, the flavors intensify.\\nTheir brined duck showcases the natural fragrance of the meat, with a perfectly balanced salty taste. While eating a lot might make it seem slightly saltier, it’s still milder compared to other places.\\nNanjing roast duck, unlike the Beijing or Cantonese styles, has a distinct flavor of its own. It tends to be sweeter and is roasted over an open flame, resulting in crispy skin and tender meat. When combined with the restaurant’s special sauce, it becomes even more flavorful and crispy.\\nIn addition to duck dishes, the restaurant also offers delectable items like duck wings and duck feet.\\n📍Address: 228 Shengzhou Road, Chaotiangong Street, Qinhuai District\\n6. Sichuan Restaurant – 四川酒家\\nDespite its name, Sichuan Restaurant isn’t your typical Sichuan cuisine spot. Instead, it specializes in dishes that appeal to Nanjing locals by toning down the spicy heat commonly associated with Sichuan food and adding Huaiyang elements for a more balanced flavor.\\nThe menu offers a mix of traditional Sichuan items like Mao Xue Wang (spicy blood curd and offal stew) alongside beloved Nanjing dishes like Jinling Soup Dumplings and Red Bean Glutinous Rice Balls. This combination has earned it a loyal following among the city’s older residents.\\nTheir xiaolongbao is especially well-regarded, ranking as one of the top in Nanjing.\\nMuch like Nanjing’s reputation for cultural diversity, Sichuan Restaurant brings together different regional cuisines, making it a fusion eatery that reflects the culinary variety of China.\\n📍Address: 171 Taiping S Rd, Qinhuai District\\n7. Liu Changxing – 刘长兴\\nLiu Changxing, a restaurant with over a century of history since its founding in 1901, is famous for its popular dishes like thin-skinned crab roe soup dumplings, five-nut steamed buns, eel noodles, smoked fish noodles, fish soup wontons, and steamed dumplings.\\nThe signature soup dumplings are delicate, with thin skins that allow the savory meat filling and rich broth to shine through. The meat filling, shaped like a small meatball, strikes a perfect balance between sweet and savory, making it a customer favorite.\\nThe steamed mushroom dumplings feature a tight outer layer and a juicy, flavorful filling.\\nThe fish soup wontons are served in a nutritious broth made from fresh fish, which is light, sweet, and naturally flavorful without the need for pepper. The pairing of the tender fish balls with the wontons creates a delightful and varied texture in each bite.\\n📍Address: 506 Zhongshan E Rd, Qinhuai District\\n8. Qifangge Restaurant – 奇芳阁\\nQifangge is renowned for serving authentic halal cuisine from Nanjing, appealing to both locals and tourists alike.\\nOne of the must-try dishes is their Duck Oil Shaobing, a specialty that stands out from regular shaobing thanks to its use of creamy white duck oil, which gives it its distinctive flavor. After baking for about 20 minutes, the shaobing emerges golden and crispy on both sides, with layers of flaky goodness.\\nAnother popular item is the Vegetarian Stuffed Bun, filled with tender spinach or greens, black fungus, sesame, mushrooms, dried tofu, and baked gluten, topped with sesame oil. The bun’s thin skin and generous filling make it a refreshing and appetite-boosting treat.\\n📍Address: 30 Shengzhou Road, Qinhuai District\\n9. Jining Tangbao – 鸡鸣汤包\\nLocated near Taiping Gate, Jining Tangbao has now become the leading soup dumpling chain in Nanjing. The store always has a long queue, and while the shop’s setting is simple, the enticing aroma of freshly made dumplings fills the space.\\nUnlike traditional Nanjing-style soup dumplings, Jining Tangbao has its pleats facing down, giving it a smooth and glossy appearance. The dumplings are small and delicate, with a thin, translucent skin.\\nWhen eating these soup dumplings, you first bring it to your mouth, take a small bite to taste the sweet broth. The soup is clear and rich in flavor. After sipping the broth, you can then enjoy the whole dumpling, slowly chewing to savor the tender pork combined with the savory broth—it’s an indescribable delight.\\n📍Address: 10 Taipingmen Road, Xuanwu District\\n10. Anleyuan Restaurant – 安乐园\\nFor those seeking morning tea in Nanjing, Anleyuan is a highly recommended spot known for its diverse selection of tea-time snacks. From traditional steamed buns to creative halal pastries, every dish here excels in flavor, aroma, and presentation.\\nThe standout is their Beef Steamed Bun, featuring a flavorful meat filling. The Shao Mai is another top-seller. Their Pan-Fried Buns have a thin, delicate skin and combine the juiciness of soup dumplings with the crispiness of pan-fried buns, making them a juicy delight. The restaurant offers an impressive variety of buns, such as beef, shepherd’s purse, vegetable, and red bean paste, each one packed with flavor.\\n📍Address: 138 Wangfu Ave, Baixia District\\n11. Liji Islamic Restaurant – 李记清真馆\\nWith over 20 years of history, Liji Islamic Restaurant is known for its range of beef specialties that are not to be missed, including pan-fried dumplings stuffed with beef, pan-fried beef buns, beef wontons, beef soup, and braised beef.\\nTheir pan-fried dumpling stuffed with beef are crescent-shaped with a crispy golden crust, filled with savory, slightly sweet beef. A dip in their house-made chili oil takes them to the next level. These pan-fried dumpling pair perfectly with vinegar and a bowl of beef or beef offal soup.\\nThe Beef Wontons have thin wrappers and ample filling, offering a taste of authentic Nanjing spicy oil wontons, served in a light broth with a hint of chili oil.\\nLiji also offers other favorites, such as dry-cut beef and smoked beef.\\n📍Address: 1 Dading Lane, Pingshi Street, Qinhuai District\\n12. Fangpo Gaotuan Shop – 芳婆糕团店\\nFangpo Gaotuan Shop is a legendary spot for Nanjing food lovers, widely regarded as the city’s best place for traditional rice cakes. Many Nanjing locals consider it well worth the journey and wait in line just to taste the delights here.\\nTheir standout dish is the customizable Wu Fan (Black Rice), where customers can choose toppings like crispy fried dough sticks, pork floss, braised eggs, and various sausages. The steamed black rice has a deep, fragrant aroma, with a perfect chewy and sticky texture. When paired with the fried dough and pork floss, the flavor becomes even more layered and satisfying.\\nAnother must-try is the Rice Wine Tangyuan, Fangpo’s signature dessert. Served in a silky, translucent broth, these glutinous rice dumplings are accompanied by soft red beans, with the broth’s thick, smooth texture making it especially rich and enjoyable. The dumplings and beans have a perfect balance of softness and chewiness.\\n📍Address: 50 Wangfu Ave, Bai Xia District\\n13. Jinling Yangjia Wonton Restaurant – 金陵杨家馄饨店\\nFamous for its delicious wontons, Jinling Yangjia Wonton Restaurant is highly rated by customers, with its Duck Blood Wontons being a standout specialty unique to Nanjing.\\nThe restaurant’s open kitchen lets customers observe the whole process, from making pork lard to preparing and cooking the wontons. The pork lard and chili oil are both homemade, adding to the authenticity.\\nThe wontons arrive in a fragrant golden broth, topped with pepper and finely chopped greens. Each wonton is generously filled and wrapped in a delicate, thin skin. The tender, bouncy duck blood adds a delightful texture, while the broth is rich and flavorful. A dash of homemade chili oil brings out even more savory goodness, making it irresistibly appetizing.\\nThe duck blood is served separately, and for those who like spice, a bit more chili oil enhances the aroma and taste even further.\\n📍Address: 1-1 Caodu Xiang, Baixia District\\n14. Xiaopanji Duck Blood Vermicelli Soup – 小潘记鸭血粉丝汤\\nAt first glance, Xiaopanji may appear ordinary, but once inside, the long line tells a different story. Customers often wait about ten minutes for their bowl of duck blood vermicelli soup, a sign of its popularity.\\nXiaopanji’s duck blood vermicelli soup is known for its rich, flavorful broth, using thin vermicelli noodles paired with duck blood, tofu, and more. Each spoonful is packed with ingredients, making it a savory delight that leaves a lasting impression.\\nThe special duck blood vermicelli soup stands out with its extra toppings, including crispy rice crackers and large braised eggs, adding even more layers of flavor.\\nFor those who find the special version too loaded or dislike certain ingredients, Xiaopanji also offers alternatives like duck leg vermicelli soup and duck breast vermicelli soup, both of which are equally tasty.\\n📍Address: 2 Jiangjun Ln, Xuanwu District\\n15. Gaoyou Noodle Restaurant – 高邮面馆\\nHidden in the quiet Lujiagang Alley behind the busy New Street area, Gaoyou Noodle Restaurant can be tricky to find, and you might need a local to guide you. Despite its out-of-the-way location, the restaurant’s famous dry mixed noodles with green pepper, tofu, and shredded pork have earned it a solid reputation.\\nA large, aromatic bowl of noodles is served, with stir-fried toppings coating the noodles in rich flavor. Generous portions of tofu and juicy shredded pork make it a dish that invites immediate enjoyment.\\nThe thin Gaoyou noodles are soaked in sauce, and after mixing the noodles and toppings, the flavor becomes even more intense.\\nThe secret to these noodles is the black pepper from Sichuan, which clings to each noodle strand and adds a robust, flavorful kick.\\n📍Address: 1 Lujia Ln, Qinhuai District\\n🌸Final Thoughts: Where to Eat in Nanjing\\nTo wrap things up, Nanjing’s food scene is full of incredible flavors, and these 15 restaurants offer some of the best dining experiences in the city. So next time you’re in Nanjing, make sure to check out these top picks and enjoy all the delicious food the city has to offer!\\nChina Travel Planning Guide&FAQ\\nYes. Most visitors to China will need a visa to enter the country. The type of visa you need will depend on the purpose and duration of your trip, as well as your nationality. If you are a resident of the US, you must apply for a Chinese visa at the Consular Office in the country. On the other hand, inhabitants of countries like Japan, Canada, and the UK can request a visa through the Chinese Visa Application Service Center.\\nIn China, the government has strict regulations on internet access, leading to the blocking of popular websites and social media platforms such as Facebook, Twitter, Google, and YouTube. To access these sites, a VPN is suggested as a means of bypassing the restrictions. It is important to choose a reputable VPN provider and use caution while doing so. ExpressVPN has been historically deemed the most reliable VPN for this purpose, despite being heavily targeted by China’s censors. Nevertheless, it is still a widely preferred option owing to its ease of installation and user-friendliness.\\nYes. It is crucial to acknowledge that accessing the internet in China may pose limitations due to certain websites being prohibited or filtered. To ensure uninterrupted connectivity while staying in China, purchasing a local SIM card is advisable. For optimum results, acquiring SIM cards from either China Unicom or China Mobile is recommended. While China Mobile has the most comprehensive coverage in China and is a market leader, China Unicom is more compatible with foreign phones, enabling 3G and 4G services. Or you can purchase a SIM card online.\\nYes. Although China is generally a safe country for travel, it is still possible to encounter accidents or other unexpected occurrences. Therefore, obtaining travel insurance can provide a sense of security and financial protection. In my research, I have found that World Nomads is a reputable travel insurance provider that covers a wide range of activities and is recommended for the average traveler. Nevertheless, I advise you to compare insurance quotes from various providers before making a decision.\\nUnfeasible. Obtaining a Chinese driver’s license to rent a car and self-drive may seem like an option, but it is not a practical choice for most foreigners. Therefore, many prefer to opt for a driver or public transportation when navigating China, as it proves to be more convenient.\\nI suggest using Trip for affordable flights to China. As a China-based company, they often offer lower prices compared to foreign companies. Additionally, they offer English-speaking phone support in case of any issues.\\nNot only does Trip offer a wider range of flight options, but it also provides a greater selection of hotels to choose from. Moreover, Agoda is a reliable resource for hotels throughout Asia.\\nTravel adapter and converter: China uses a different electrical system than many other countries, so it’s important to bring a travel adapter and converter if you plan to use electronic devices such as phones, cameras, and laptops.  Sunscreen: The UV index in China can be high, particularly during the summer months, and prolonged exposure to the sun without protection can cause skin damage and increase the risk of skin cancer.Deodorant: It should be noted that finding deodorant in China may not be a simple task.\\nYes. If you’re planning to travel to China for the first time, a travel guidebook can be a valuable resource, and Lonely Planet is one of the most reputable guides available globally. Its comprehensive itineraries and recommendations take into account your personal preferences and can save you both time and money. The insider tips are also extremely helpful in navigating China’s unique cultural landscape like a local.\\n\\nAbout \\nHi! I’m Esther, a passionate traveler with a deep love for China’s rich culture, history, and stunning landscapes. Through this blog, I share my experiences and insights to help you explore the best of what China has to offer—from ancient wonders to hidden gems. Let me guide you on your next unforgettable journey through China!\\nRecent Posts \\n\\n\\t\\t\\t\\t\\tRelated Posts\\t\\t\\t\\t\\nLeave a ReplyCancel Reply\\nYour email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *\\n\\nName  *\\n\\n\\n\\nEmail  *\\n\\n\\n\\nWebsite\\n\\n\\n\\nAdd Comment *\\n\\n\\nSave my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.\\nPost Comment \\n\\n\\nCopyright © 2025 - Let's Travel To China | Privacy Policy\\n \\n\"}, {\"type\": \"page\", \"title\": \"A History of Street Food in Nanjing - streetvillageeats.com\", \"url\": \"https://streetvillageeats.com/locations/nanjing/history-of-street-food-in-nanjing\", \"content\": \"The cultural impact of street food in Nanjing is profound. It serves as a bridge between the past and present, offering a taste of history in every bite. Street food has become an integral part of the city's identity, influencing local customs and social interactions.\", \"score\": 0.7467494}, {\"type\": \"image\", \"image_url\": \"https://www.gonanjingchina.com/sites/default/files/images/things-to-do/food/Eight+Famous+Snacks+of+the+Qinhuai+River_thumb.jpg\", \"image_description\": null}, {\"type\": \"image\", \"image_url\": \"https://png.pngtree.com/thumb_back/fw800/background/20220318/pngtree-duck-blood-vermicelli-soup-image_1018274.jpg\", \"image_description\": \"A traditional Nanjing dish featuring a steaming bowl of soup filled with green herbs, dumplings, and slices of meat, accompanied by a small dish of spicy dipping sauce.\"}, {\"type\": \"image\", \"image_url\": \"https://www.laviezine.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/09/Duck-Soaked-in-Brine.jpg\", \"image_description\": \"A platter showcases succulent pieces of Nanjing-style salted duck, highlighting their tender, glistening skin and juicy meat.\"}, {\"type\": \"image\", \"image_url\": \"https://windhorsetour.com/sites/default/files/2021-03/nanjing-cuisine.png\", \"image_description\": null}, {\"type\": \"image\", \"image_url\": \"https://www.beijing-visitor.com/images/content_images/nanjingcuisine20191.jpg\", \"image_description\": \"Sliced roasted duck is arranged neatly on a white plate, accompanied by a small dish of dipping sauce and chopsticks resting on a wooden surface.\"}]", "tool_call_id": ""}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-165abd1e-65dd-4bc9-9b08-7b971d4c8e5e", "role": "assistant", "content": "The"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-165abd1e-65dd-4bc9-9b08-7b971d4c8e5e", "role": "assistant", "content": " search results consistently point to Nanjing's history as a former capital as a major"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-165abd1e-65dd-4bc9-9b08-7b971d4c8e5e", "role": "assistant", "content": " influence on its cuisine. The city's food reflects its historical significance and cultural heritage,"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-165abd1e-65dd-4bc9-9b08-7b971d4c8e5e", "role": "assistant", "content": " with many dishes passed down through generations. Nanjing cuisine is also influenced by its location along the Yangtze River, with an abundance of freshwater fish and seafood playing a prominent role."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-165abd1e-65dd-4bc9-9b08-7b971d4c8e5e", "role": "assistant", "content": " The cuisine balances salty and sweet flavors and emphasizes fresh, seasonal ingredients.\n\nLet's summarize the findings and create the report.\n\n**Problem Statement:**\n\nExplore the historical"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-165abd1e-65dd-4bc9-9b08-7b971d4c8e5e", "role": "assistant", "content": " influences that have shaped Nanjing's culinary traditions, including its role as a former capital city. Document the cultural significance of specific dishes and their connection to local customs, festivals, and celebrations. Research the evolution of Nanjing cuisine over time, identifying"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-165abd1e-65dd-4bc9-9b08-7b971d4c8e5e", "role": "assistant", "content": " key periods of change and the factors that contributed to them.\n\n**Research Findings:**\n\n*   **Historical Influences:** Nanjing's rich history as a former capital of China has profoundly shaped its cuisine. The city's food reflects its"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-165abd1e-65dd-4bc9-9b08-7b971d4c8e5e", "role": "assistant", "content": " historical significance and cultural heritage, with many dishes having been passed down through generations. The Ming Dynasty had a significant impact on Nanjing’s culinary traditions, and many dishes from this period are still enjoyed today. [A Culinary Journey Through Nanjing: Exploring the City's Rich Food Culture](https://chinatraveltips.de/s"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-165abd1e-65dd-4bc9-9b08-7b971d4c8e5e", "role": "assistant", "content": "/en/Nanjing+Food/10649)\n*   **Signature Dishes:**\n    *   **Salted Duck (盐水鸭):** This is one of the most iconic dishes from Nanjing, known for its tender and flavorful meat achieved through a meticulous preparation process involving brining and seasoning"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-165abd1e-65dd-4bc9-9b08-7b971d4c8e5e", "role": "assistant", "content": ". The duck is marinated with a mix of salt, spices, and herbs, then slowly cooked to perfection. [A Culinary Journey Through Nanjing: Exploring the City's Rich Food Culture](https://chinatraveltips.de/s/en/Nanjing+Food/10649)\n    "}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-165abd1e-65dd-4bc9-9b08-7b971d4c8e5e", "role": "assistant", "content": "*   **Duck Blood Soup (鸭血汤):** This hearty and comforting soup features duck blood, tofu, and various vegetables, simmered together in a savory broth. It is a beloved comfort food in Nanjing, often enjoyed during the colder months. [A Culinary Journey Through Nanjing: Exploring the City's Rich Food Culture"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-165abd1e-65dd-4bc9-9b08-7b971d4c8e5e", "role": "assistant", "content": "](https://chinatraveltips.de/s/en/Nanjing+Food/10649)\n    *   **Nanjing-style Dried Tofu (干豆腐):** Dried tofu is another staple of Nanjing cuisine, often used in salads or stir-fries. The tofu is dried and"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-165abd1e-65dd-4bc9-9b08-7b971d4c8e5e", "role": "assistant", "content": " seasoned, giving it a concentrated flavor that pairs well with a variety of other ingredients. [A Culinary Journey Through Nanjing: Exploring the City's Rich Food Culture](https://chinatraveltips.de/s/en/Nanjing+Food/10649)\n*   **Street Food:**"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-165abd1e-65dd-4bc9-9b08-7b971d4c8e5e", "role": "assistant", "content": " Nanjing's street food scene is vibrant and diverse. Popular items include Nanjing-style Pancakes (南京薄饼), Fried Dumplings (炸饺子), and Sweet Rice Cakes (糖年糕). [A Culinary Journey Through Nanjing: Exploring the City's Rich Food Culture](https://chinatraveltips.de"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-165abd1e-65dd-4bc9-9b08-7b971d4c8e5e", "role": "assistant", "content": "/s/en/Nanjing+Food/10649)\n*   **Regional Influences:** Nanjing cuisine also reflects regional variations within Jiangsu Province. The city’s location along the Yangtze River has influenced its food, with ingredients such as fish and river delicacies being prominent in local dishes. [Where"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-165abd1e-65dd-4bc9-9b08-7b971d4c8e5e", "role": "assistant", "content": " to Eat in Nanjing: Top 15 Must-Visit Spots](https://letstraveltochina.com/where-to-eat-in-nanjing/)\n*   **Modern Interpretations:** While traditional Nanjing cuisine remains popular, there is a growing trend of modern interpretations and innovations in the city’s"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-165abd1e-65dd-4bc9-9b08-7b971d4c8e5e", "role": "assistant", "content": " food scene, including fusion cuisine and gourmet dining. [A Culinary Journey Through Nanjing: Exploring the City's Rich Food Culture](https://chinatraveltips.de/s/en/Nanjing+Food/10649)\n\n**Conclusion:**\n\nNanjing cuisine is a testament to the city'"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-165abd1e-65dd-4bc9-9b08-7b971d4c8e5e", "role": "assistant", "content": "s rich history and tradition. Its development has been deeply influenced by its role as a former capital, its location along the Yangtze River, and the culinary traditions of the Jiangsu province. From iconic dishes like Salted Duck and Duck Blood Soup to vibrant street food and modern culinary innovations, Nanjing offers a diverse and exciting gastronomic experience that"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-165abd1e-65dd-4bc9-9b08-7b971d4c8e5e", "role": "assistant", "content": " reflects its cultural heritage and culinary artistry.\n\n**References:**\n\n-   [A Culinary Journey Through Nanjing: Exploring the City's Rich Food Culture](https://chinatraveltips.de/s/en/Nanjing+Food/10649)\n\n-   [Where to Eat in Nanjing"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-165abd1e-65dd-4bc9-9b08-7b971d4c8e5e", "role": "assistant", "content": ": Top 15 Must-Visit Spots](https://letstraveltochina.com/where-to-eat-in-nanjing/)\n\n-   [A History of Street Food in Nanjing - streetvillageeats.com](https://streetvillageeats.com/locations/nanjing/history-of"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-165abd1e-65dd-4bc9-9b08-7b971d4c8e5e", "role": "assistant", "content": "-street-food-in-nanjing)\n", "finish_reason": "stop"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-6b7ed5c4-06be-47fc-b7d7-752e10e02deb", "role": "assistant", "content": "Okay, I understand"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-6b7ed5c4-06be-47fc-b7d7-752e10e02deb", "role": "assistant", "content": " the task. I need to investigate Nanjing's culinary scene, identifying key restaurants, their"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-6b7ed5c4-06be-47fc-b7d7-752e10e02deb", "role": "assistant", "content": " offerings, pricing, and customer reviews. I will also look for trends, changes"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-6b7ed5c4-06be-47fc-b7d7-752e10e02deb", "role": "assistant", "content": ", new dishes, revitalization of old ones, and information on well-known chefs. I will use the web search tool to gather information and the crawl tool if necessary"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-6b7ed5c4-06be-47fc-b7d7-752e10e02deb", "role": "assistant", "content": " to get more in-depth content from specific URLs. Finally, I will present my findings in a structured markdown format with a references section.\n\nHere's the plan"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-6b7ed5c4-06be-47fc-b7d7-752e10e02deb", "role": "assistant", "content": ":\n\n1.  **Initial Search**: Use the web search tool to get an overview of Nanjing's culinary scene and identify key restaurants.\n2.  **Restaurant Specific Searches**: Search for specific restaurants identified in the initial search to gather details"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-6b7ed5c4-06be-47fc-b7d7-752e10e02deb", "role": "assistant", "content": " on menus, pricing, and customer reviews.\n3.  **Trend and Chef Research**: Search for information on culinary trends, new dishes, revitalization efforts, and well-known chefs in Nanjing.\n4.  **Crawl if"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-6b7ed5c4-06be-47fc-b7d7-752e10e02deb", "role": "assistant", "content": " Necessary**: If search results provide promising URLs, use the crawl tool to extract detailed information.\n5.  **Synthesize and Structure**: Combine all gathered information into a structured markdown report with a dedicated References section.\n\nNow, let's start with the initial search.\n\n"}

event: tool_calls
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-6b7ed5c4-06be-47fc-b7d7-752e10e02deb", "role": "assistant", "finish_reason": "tool_calls", "tool_calls": [{"name": "web_search", "args": {"query": "Nanjing culinary scene key restaurants traditional cuisine"}, "id": "", "type": "tool_call"}], "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": "web_search", "args": "{\"query\":\"Nanjing culinary scene key restaurants traditional cuisine\"}", "id": "", "index": null, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_result
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "db3e5366-1bcb-4c69-9c72-0ce27e04832b", "role": "assistant", "content": "[{\"type\": \"page\", \"title\": \"Nanjing Cuisines: Explore Local Flavors and Dishes\", \"url\": \"https://cuisinevoila.com/nanjing-cuisines/\", \"content\": \"Key Takeaways. Nanjing cuisines offer a rich variety of authentic flavors for every palate. ... Food tours and cooking classes provide an immersive way to understand Nanjing's culinary scene. 1. Salted Duck: The Iconic Nanjing Delicacy ... To sample the best Yuhua Crab, head to Jinling Hotel or Nanjing Seafood Restaurant where chefs prepare\", \"score\": 0.80089486}, {\"type\": \"page\", \"title\": \"Discover Nanjing's culinary delights with these 5 must-try ...\", \"url\": \"https://www.instagram.com/reel/C9zqwY1Bdo-/\", \"content\": \"... Nanjing's culinary delights with these 5 must-try restaurants. Plum Garden (梅苑) offers an elegant ambiance with traditional Nanjing cuisine\", \"score\": 0.78670514}, {\"type\": \"page\", \"title\": \"Where to eat: the 50 best restaurants in Nanjing - Wanderlog\", \"url\": \"https://wanderlog.com/list/geoCategory/74026/where-to-eat-best-restaurants-in-nanjing\", \"content\": \"Press the question mark key to get the keyboard shortcuts for changing dates. Wanderlog staff Updated • updated Nov 30, 2024. Nanjing, a city steeped in history and culture, offers a vibrant culinary scene that reflects its rich heritage. ... atmosphere. Highly recommended! There are other Tairyo restaurants in Nanjing, one at Xuanwu Lake and\", \"score\": 0.75659186}, {\"type\": \"image\", \"image_url\": \"https://s3.amazonaws.com/fathom_media/uploads/Nanging-DaPaiDang.jpg.1200x800_q85.jpg\", \"image_description\": \"The bustling interior of a restaurant showcases diners enjoying traditional cuisine under the warm glow of lanterns, with a chef preparing food in an open kitchen.\"}, {\"type\": \"image\", \"image_url\": \"https://suzhouprivatetour.com/upload/ueditor/image/20180103/6365060333158203126041874.jpg\", \"image_description\": \"A lavish spread of traditional Nanjing dishes featuring an array of beautifully plated seafood, meats, vegetables, and garnishes, all arranged elegantly on multiple dishes around a circular table.\"}, {\"type\": \"image\", \"image_url\": \"https://museumofwander.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/09/DSC00884.jpg\", \"image_description\": \"A variety of traditional Nanjing dishes, including steamed dumplings and flavorful marinated items, are beautifully presented on a textured surface, accompanied by chopsticks and small bowls.\"}, {\"type\": \"image\", \"image_url\": \"http://i2.cdn.turner.com/cnnnext/dam/assets/151019152530-dsc-0380-super-169.jpg\", \"image_description\": \"A plate features a large, intricately arranged dish of deep-fried fish with a savory sauce, topped with diced vegetables, green peas, and shrimp, accentuating the flavors of Nanjing's special cuisine.\"}, {\"type\": \"image\", \"image_url\": \"http://midliferoadtrip.tv/wp-content/uploads/2019/06/Nanjing-Food-1024x640.jpg\", \"image_description\": \"A variety of traditional Nanjing dishes, including a bowl of stir-fried vegetables, two different sauces, and a platter of dumplings, are beautifully arranged on a textured table.\"}]", "tool_call_id": ""}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-8ed31591-e453-4213-b2eb-14638a993ba1", "role": "assistant", "content": "The"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-8ed31591-e453-4213-b2eb-14638a993ba1", "role": "assistant", "content": " initial search provides a few leads:\n\n*   `cuisinevoila.com"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-8ed31591-e453-4213-b2eb-14638a993ba1", "role": "assistant", "content": "` mentions salted duck and Yuhua Crab, and suggests Jinling Hotel or"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-8ed31591-e453-4213-b2eb-14638a993ba1", "role": "assistant", "content": " Nanjing Seafood Restaurant.\n*   An Instagram reel mentioned `Plum Garden (梅苑)` as offering elegant ambiance with traditional Nanjing cuisine.\n*   `wanderlog."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-8ed31591-e453-4213-b2eb-14638a993ba1", "role": "assistant", "content": "com` lists 50 restaurants in Nanjing.\n\nNow, let's investigate these leads further. I will start by searching for Jinling Hotel and Nanjing Seafood Restaurant"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-8ed31591-e453-4213-b2eb-14638a993ba1", "role": "assistant", "content": ".\n\n"}

event: tool_calls
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-8ed31591-e453-4213-b2eb-14638a993ba1", "role": "assistant", "finish_reason": "tool_calls", "tool_calls": [{"name": "web_search", "args": {"query": "Jinling Hotel Nanjing restaurant"}, "id": "", "type": "tool_call"}, {"name": "web_search", "args": {"query": "Nanjing Seafood Restaurant"}, "id": "", "type": "tool_call"}], "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": "web_search", "args": "{\"query\":\"Jinling Hotel Nanjing restaurant\"}", "id": "", "index": null, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}, {"name": "web_search", "args": "{\"query\":\"Nanjing Seafood Restaurant\"}", "id": "", "index": null, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_result
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "dd0d2219-3ec6-4145-a0fc-f7ba4271ec9e", "role": "assistant", "content": "[{\"type\": \"page\", \"title\": \"Jinling Hotel - Wikipedia\", \"url\": \"https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jinling_Hotel\", \"content\": \"Jinling Hotel Nanjing (simplified Chinese: 金陵饭店; traditional Chinese: 金陵飯店; pinyin: Jīnlíng Fàndiàn) is a hotel in Nanjing, China, located near the city's Xinjiekou district. \\\"Jinling\\\" is an old name for Nanjing which is often used to refer to the city in a poetic context. The hotel was Nanjing's first modern hotel managed by Chinese and is still often regarded as the pre-eminent five-star hotel in Nanjing.[citation needed] Jinling Hotel was the highest building in China until 1985, while [...] The hotel also has nine restaurants of differing cuisine types.[2] The Jinling Hotel Nanjing involves in many businesses such as chain fast food restaurants, travel agency services, car rental, communications, and advertising. [...] \\\"window of China's reform and opening up[4]\\\". At that time, Jinling Hotel was a mystery to Nanjing residents. The average price for a night was $90, and the only way for residents to know about Jinling Hotel was to buy tickets to visit the high-rise revolving restaurant, Xuan Gong. Jinling Hotel paid off its capital construction debts of US$45 million in only 10 years.\", \"score\": 0.9183121, \"raw_content\": \"Contents\\n\\nJinling Hotel\\n\\n | This articleneeds additional citations forverification.Please helpimprove this articlebyadding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed.Find sources:\\\"Jinling Hotel\\\"–news·newspapers·books·scholar·JSTOR(June 2019)(Learn how and when to remove this message)\\n\\n\\nJinling Hotel\\nJinling Hotel, Nanjing\\n\\nGeneral information\\nStatus | open\\nLocation | 2 Hanzhong Road\\nTown or city | Nanjing\\nCountry | People's Republic of China\\nOpened | March 1983\\nCost | 85$/night\\nOwner | Jinling Holdings Ltd\\nTechnical details\\nFloor count | 37\\nDesign and construction\\nArchitect(s) | P&T\\nOther information\\nNumber of rooms | 585\\nWebsite\\nhttp://www.jinlinghotel.com/English/index.aspx\\nJinling Hotel Nanjing (simplified Chinese: 金陵饭店; traditional Chinese: 金陵飯店; pinyin: Jīnlíng Fàndiàn) is a hotel in Nanjing, China, located near the city's Xinjiekou district. \\\"Jinling\\\" is an old name for Nanjing which is often used to refer to the city in a poetic context. The hotel was Nanjing's first modern hotel managed by Chinese and is still often regarded as the pre-eminent five-star hotel in Nanjing.[citation needed] Jinling Hotel was the highest building in China until 1985, while Baiyun Hotel in Guangzhou built earlier was taller if including its antenna.[1]\\nThe hotel also has nine restaurants of differing cuisine types.[2] The Jinling Hotel Nanjing involves in many businesses such as chain fast food restaurants, travel agency services, car rental, communications, and advertising.\\n\\nJinling Hotel was designed by Palmer & Turner Group, P&T, an architectural firm in Hong Kong. P&T company designed Jinling Hotel's I, II, III phase building and Asia Pacific Tower.\\n\\nOverview\\n\\nLocation\\n\\nJinling Hotel is located on Hanzhong Road, Xinjiekou district, Jiangsu, China. Xinjiekou is located in the central of Nanjing and a famous commercial center with over 100 years of history. Jinling hotel is located on the northeastern part of Xinjiekou district.\\n\\nEnvironment and Social Responsibility\\n\\nJinling Hotel Nanjing Company vigorously carries out environmental protection activities and advocates green consumption and green living. The hotel also spent 16,000 square meters on lawns and ornamental tree planting.\\n\\nHistory\\n\\nIn 1978, Singaporean Chinese entrepreneur Tao Xinbo wants to build an international standard hotel in his hometown Nanjing catering oversea tourists. Under Tao Xinbo[3]'s effort, Jinling hotel become one of the six largest hotels catering foreign tourists approved by the State Council in 1979. In March 1979, Jinling hotel began its construction and Tao Xinbo invited architect James Kinoshita as designer. After 4 years construction, Jinling Hotel was successfully established on 21 February 1983, and located in the central business district of Nanjing. Jinling Hotel was also the first luxury five-start hotel in Jiangsu Province. Ever since open, JInling Hotel was popular and served hundreds of celebrities and politicians from different countries.\\n\\nIn 1983, the Jinling hotel was the tallest building in China at 110 meters and 37 floors tall. Jinling hotel has created many firsts. It has the first high-speed elevator in China, the first high-rise revolving restaurant in China, and China's first high-rise helipad. Ever since the Jinling hotel's establishment, many foreign media made lots of reports on the construction and opening of Jinling Hotel, including Canada, Britain, and Hong Kong. International media designate Jinling Hotel as the \\\"window of China's reform and opening up[4]\\\". At that time, Jinling Hotel was a mystery to Nanjing residents. The average price for a night was $90, and the only way for residents to know about Jinling Hotel was to buy tickets to visit the high-rise revolving restaurant, Xuan Gong. Jinling Hotel paid off its capital construction debts of US$45 million in only 10 years.\\n\\nIn May 1997, Jinling Hotel Phase II, the Nanjing World Trade Center was completed and started operation. The Nanjing World Trade Canter was 17 floors tall.\\n\\nIn October 2013, Jinling Hotel Phase III, the main building of Asia Pacific Tower was completed. Thus, Jinling Hotel Nanjing became the largest hotel complex in Jiangsu Province. The Asia Pacific Tower has a total of 53 floors and a height of 243 meters.\\n\\nAwards\\n\\nNotable events\\n\\nReferences\\n\\nExternal links\\n\\nvteCity ofNanjing\\nDistricts | XuanwuQinhuaiJianyeGulouPukouLuheQixiaYuhuataiJiangningLishuiGaochunBaixia(defunct)Xiaguan(defunct) | \\nAttractions | Parks and lakesChina Gate Castle ParkCouple ParkDefence ParkGulin ParkJiangxin IslandMochou LakeNanjing Hongshan Forest ZooPurple MountainPurple Mountain ObservatoryQingliangshan ParkTaoye FerryWhite Horse ParkWuchaomen ParkXu GardenXuanwu LakeYuhuatai Memorial Park of Revolutionary MartyrsZhan Yuan GardenNanjing Botanical GardenTemplesNanjing Fuzimiao(Temple of Confucius)Jiming TempleJinghai TempleLinggu TempleMing Xiaoling MausoleumQixia TempleGreat Bao'en Temple(Porcelain tower)Historic sitesChaotian PalaceCity Wall of NanjingMemorial of Tao XingzhiNanjing Massacre Memorial HallNational Revolutionary Army Memorial CemeteryPresidential Palace, NanjingStone CityThe Porcelain Pagoda of NanjingOther sitesJinling HotelNanjing City WallNanjing International Exhibition CenterNanjing Yangtze River BridgeXianlinYangtze River power line crossingsZhonghua Gate | Parks and lakes | China Gate Castle ParkCouple ParkDefence ParkGulin ParkJiangxin IslandMochou LakeNanjing Hongshan Forest ZooPurple MountainPurple Mountain ObservatoryQingliangshan ParkTaoye FerryWhite Horse ParkWuchaomen ParkXu GardenXuanwu LakeYuhuatai Memorial Park of Revolutionary MartyrsZhan Yuan GardenNanjing Botanical Garden | Temples | Nanjing Fuzimiao(Temple of Confucius)Jiming TempleJinghai TempleLinggu TempleMing Xiaoling MausoleumQixia TempleGreat Bao'en Temple(Porcelain tower) | Historic sites | Chaotian PalaceCity Wall of NanjingMemorial of Tao XingzhiNanjing Massacre Memorial HallNational Revolutionary Army Memorial CemeteryPresidential Palace, NanjingStone CityThe Porcelain Pagoda of Nanjing | Other sites | Jinling HotelNanjing City WallNanjing International Exhibition CenterNanjing Yangtze River BridgeXianlinYangtze River power line crossingsZhonghua Gate\\nParks and lakes | China Gate Castle ParkCouple ParkDefence ParkGulin ParkJiangxin IslandMochou LakeNanjing Hongshan Forest ZooPurple MountainPurple Mountain ObservatoryQingliangshan ParkTaoye FerryWhite Horse ParkWuchaomen ParkXu GardenXuanwu LakeYuhuatai Memorial Park of Revolutionary MartyrsZhan Yuan GardenNanjing Botanical Garden\\nTemples | Nanjing Fuzimiao(Temple of Confucius)Jiming TempleJinghai TempleLinggu TempleMing Xiaoling MausoleumQixia TempleGreat Bao'en Temple(Porcelain tower)\\nHistoric sites | Chaotian PalaceCity Wall of NanjingMemorial of Tao XingzhiNanjing Massacre Memorial HallNational Revolutionary Army Memorial CemeteryPresidential Palace, NanjingStone CityThe Porcelain Pagoda of Nanjing\\nOther sites | Jinling HotelNanjing City WallNanjing International Exhibition CenterNanjing Yangtze River BridgeXianlinYangtze River power line crossingsZhonghua Gate\\nCulture and history | Nanjing MuseumNanjing decadeJiangsu Art Gallery\\nEducation | Nanjing UniversitySoutheast UniversityNanjing University of Information Science and TechnologyHohai UniversityNanjing Agricultural UniversityChina Pharmaceutical UniversityNanjing University of Aeronautics and AstronauticsNanjing University of Science & TechnologyNanjing Normal UniversityNanjing University of TechnologyNanjing Forestry UniversityNanjing Medical UniversityNanjing University of Finance & EconomicsNanjing University of Posts and TelecommunicationsNanjing University of the ArtsNanjing Audit UniversitySanjiang CollegeHopkins-Nanjing CenterNanjing Library\\nTransport | Nanjing Railway StationNanjing MetroNanjing Lukou International AirportChina National Highway 312Nanjing Yangtze River Bridge\\n2014 Youth Summer OlympicsCategoryCommons\\nParks and lakes | China Gate Castle ParkCouple ParkDefence ParkGulin ParkJiangxin IslandMochou LakeNanjing Hongshan Forest ZooPurple MountainPurple Mountain ObservatoryQingliangshan ParkTaoye FerryWhite Horse ParkWuchaomen ParkXu GardenXuanwu LakeYuhuatai Memorial Park of Revolutionary MartyrsZhan Yuan GardenNanjing Botanical Garden\\nTemples | Nanjing Fuzimiao(Temple of Confucius)Jiming TempleJinghai TempleLinggu TempleMing Xiaoling MausoleumQixia TempleGreat Bao'en Temple(Porcelain tower)\\nHistoric sites | Chaotian PalaceCity Wall of NanjingMemorial of Tao XingzhiNanjing Massacre Memorial HallNational Revolutionary Army Memorial CemeteryPresidential Palace, NanjingStone CityThe Porcelain Pagoda of Nanjing\\nOther sites | Jinling HotelNanjing City WallNanjing International Exhibition CenterNanjing Yangtze River BridgeXianlinYangtze River power line crossingsZhonghua Gate\\nvteSkyscrapersinNanjing\\nList of tallest buildings in Nanjing\\nGreenland Jinmao International Financial Center(499.8 m)Hexi Yuzui Tower A(498.9 m)Zifeng Tower(450 m)Nanjing Financial City Phase II Plot C Tower 1(426 m)Nanjing Olympic Suning Tower(419.8 m)Golden Eagle Tiandi Tower A(368 m)Golden Eagle Tiandi Tower B(328 m)Nanjing World Trade Center Tower 1(326.5 m)Deji Plaza Phase 2(324 m)Nanjing International Youth Cultural Centre Tower 1(314.5 m)Shenglong Tower 1(308 m)Shenglong Tower 2(308 m)Nanjing International Center 3(306 m)Shimao SIC 1(300 m)Golden Eagle Tiandi Tower C(300 m)Nanjing Two IFC(287.8 m)Walsin Centro 1(274 m)Shimao SIC 2(265 m)New Century Plaza Tower A(255.2 m)Nanjing International Youth Cultural Centre Tower 2(255 m)\\nBuildings initalicsare under construction\\n32°02′39″N 118°46′37″E﻿ / ﻿32.04417°N 118.77694°E﻿ / 32.04417; 118.77694\\n\\n\"}, {\"type\": \"page\", \"title\": \"Where to Eat in Nanjing: Top 15 Must-Visit Spots\", \"url\": \"https://letstraveltochina.com/where-to-eat-in-nanjing/\", \"content\": \"For over 40 years, Jinling Hotel’s Plum Garden has been a go-to favorite among Nanjing locals. Situated on the second floor, the restaurant features both Beijing and Huaiyang cuisines. The entire restaurant retains the authentic historical flavor.\\nTheir salted duck is regarded as Nanjing’s finest, prepared with premium ingredients and perfectly marinated. The tender, flavorful meat offers a delightful start to any meal. [...] 📍Address: The second floor of Jinling Hotel, Hanzhong Road, Gulou District\\n2. Hongchu Xiang – 红厨巷\\nFor an authentic Nanjing dining experience, head to the city’s old southern district. This restaurant on Xianhe Street has been a local favorite for over ten years, known for its great food at reasonable prices, attracting food-savvy locals. [...] Famous for its delicious wontons, Jinling Yangjia Wonton Restaurant is highly rated by customers, with its Duck Blood Wontons being a standout specialty unique to Nanjing.\\nThe restaurant’s open kitchen lets customers observe the whole process, from making pork lard to preparing and cooking the wontons. The pork lard and chili oil are both homemade, adding to the authenticity.\", \"score\": 0.8573986, \"raw_content\": \"Where to Eat in Nanjing: Top 15 Must-Visit Spots\\nNanjing, one of China’s ancient capitals, is not only known for its historical landmarks but also for its rich and diverse culinary scene. Situated in the heart of the Jiangsu region, Nanjing boasts a cuisine that reflects the city’s deep connection to its rivers, lakes, and fertile lands. From iconic dishes like Nanjing salted duck to beloved street foods, the flavors of Nanjing are both delicate and flavorful, embodying the essence of Jiangsu cuisine. Its food culture is a perfect blend of tradition, regional ingredients, and centuries-old cooking techniques that continue to draw food enthusiasts from around the world. \\nIn this post, I’ll share my top 15 restaurant picks where you can enjoy the best Nanjing has to offer, delving into the city’s must-try dishes and what makes its food scene truly unique.\\nYou might also be interested in:☀️The 22 Best Things to Do in Nanjing in 2025🌟Where to Eat: 30 Top Restaurants in Guangzhou🍲Where to Eat: 24 Top Restaurants in Chengdu 2025⭐Where to Eat: 91 Best Restaurants in Beijing in 2025\\nTable of Contents\\nDisclosure: This article contains affiliate links. If you make a purchase after clicking one of these links, I earn a small commission at no extra cost to you. You can learn more about this in my disclosure policy.\\n🌟Nanjing Travel Planning Guide\\nConsidering a last-minute trip to Nanjing?🇨🇳 Top Activities and Tours in Nanjing:1. 3-Hour Nanjing Authentic Local Food Tour by Public Transportation2. Flexible Private Nanjing City Night Tour with Dinner Option3. Flexible Private Nanjing City Highlights Day Tour🌐Make sure to install ExpressVPN or NordVPN in advance for unrestricted internet access during your stay in China!\\n☀️What You Need to Know About Nanjing Cuisine\\nNanjing cuisine, hailing from the capital of Jiangsu Province, is known for its rich flavors, fresh ingredients, and a blend of historical influences. This culinary tradition is characterized by its emphasis on duck, various seafood, and local specialties that reflect the region’s geography and culture.\\n1. Signature Dishes\\n2. Influence of the Yangtze River\\nNanjing’s location along the Yangtze River significantly impacts its cuisine. The abundance of freshwater fish and seafood is prominent in many dishes, showcasing the region’s natural resources.\\n3. Focus on Duck\\nDuck is a cornerstone of Nanjing cuisine, and the city is known for its duck dishes, which are often prepared in various ways. Besides salted duck, you’ll also find dishes like roast duck and stir-fried duck with vegetables.\\n4. Regional Variations\\nWhile Nanjing cuisine has its distinct identity, it also shares similarities with Jiangsu cuisine as a whole. Jiangsu cuisine is known for its emphasis on sweetness and careful preparation, which can also be seen in many Nanjing dishes.\\n5. Saltiness and Sweetness\\nDishes often balance salty and sweet flavors, with a preference for slightly sweet sauces. This is evident in many of their signature dishes.\\n6. Variety of Local Snacks\\nNanjing is famous for its variety of street foods and snacks, especially in the Fuzimiao (Confucius Temple) area. Popular snacks include buns, dumplings, pan-fried dumplings (锅贴), wontons, shaobing (烧饼), yuanxiao (元宵), and fermented rice wine desserts (酒酿).\\n7. Seasonality and Freshness\\nNanjing cuisine celebrates the seasons, with dishes and ingredients changing to reflect what’s freshly available. For instance, spring brings leeks, snails, and toon leaves; summer offers amaranth greens and gourds; autumn is crab season; and winter features napa cabbage and radishes. The focus is always on using the freshest seasonal produce to enhance flavor and nutrition.\\n⭐Top 15 Local Nanjing Restaurants\\n1. Jinling Hotel Plum Garden – 金陵饭店·梅苑\\nFor over 40 years, Jinling Hotel’s Plum Garden has been a go-to favorite among Nanjing locals. Situated on the second floor, the restaurant features both Beijing and Huaiyang cuisines. The entire restaurant retains the authentic historical flavor.\\nTheir salted duck is regarded as Nanjing’s finest, prepared with premium ingredients and perfectly marinated. The tender, flavorful meat offers a delightful start to any meal.\\nSwamp eels are a popular delicacy in the Jiangsu-Shanghai region. In Huaiyang cuisine, they’re often prepared “ruandou” (软兜) style, where eels are boiled, filleted, and stir-fried with garlic and onions, resulting in tender, noodle-like strips.\\nNo visit to Nanjing is complete without tasting duck blood and vermicelli soup! The version here is exceptional, with no off-putting flavors from the duck blood or innards, and the chili oil adds a wonderfully aromatic touch.\\n📍Address: The second floor of Jinling Hotel, Hanzhong Road, Gulou District\\n2. Hongchu Xiang – 红厨巷\\nFor an authentic Nanjing dining experience, head to the city’s old southern district. This restaurant on Xianhe Street has been a local favorite for over ten years, known for its great food at reasonable prices, attracting food-savvy locals.\\nTheir signature dish is the “ruandou” (软兜) style swamp eel, prepared fresh with hand-deboned eel. This dish never gets old! The eel is tender and silky, served hot with a mildly sweet sauce that’s incredibly satisfying.\\nAnother must-try is the Nanjing-style abalone braised with chicken. The dish is generously portioned, with large, chewy abalones paired with tender chicken that falls right off the bone, soaking up the rich abalone broth for extra flavor.\\nFor something heartier, try the braised beef tendons, served hot in a clay pot, the beef is stewed until tender, with the tendons offering a nice chew.\\nTheir gold medal prawns are another highlight – fresh, with crispy fried shells and tender meat inside, served with a tangy-sweet sauce that bursts with flavor.\\n📍Address: 9 Xianhe Street, Qinhuai District\\n3. Lao Gulou Tangbao – 老鼓楼汤包\\nLao Gulou Tangbao stands out as one of Nanjing’s top soup dumpling spots. The prices are reasonable, making it an excellent choice for sampling Nanjing’s street food.\\nTheir star dish is the classic tangbao, with most diners ordering at least one basket. The dumplings are large, with delicate thin skins and a generous filling of juicy, tender meat. The filling is slightly sweet and soft, and it’s rumored that aspic is added during preparation to enhance the broth. Every basket is made fresh to order, ensuring a burst of freshness with each bite.\\nThe shepherd’s purse tangbao, featuring a mix of the vegetable and meat, is also on the menu. However, the meat remains the dominant ingredient. Personally, I found it less impressive than the original tangbao, with less broth and a less robust flavor.\\nAs for their duck blood and vermicelli soup, a famous Nanjing snack, it tastes similar to other versions around town. However, their soup stands out by being extra generous with the duck offal, making it a hearty and satisfying dish.\\n📍Address: 10 Taipingmen Street, Xuanwu District\\n4. Lvliuju Restaurant – 绿柳居菜馆\\nAs one of Nanjing’s oldest and most iconic establishments, Lvliuju Restaurant boasts a long history and specializes in halal and vegetarian cuisine. The restaurant is particularly known for its ability to create vegetarian dishes that resemble meat. Their “all-vegetarian banquet” features dishes like “chicken and duck” crafted from tofu skin, gluten, and dried tofu. The elegant ambiance, rich in cultural significance, makes it a popular destination for tourists.\\nA must-try is the “Squirrel Fish,” where tofu is molded into the shape of a fish and deep-fried, creating a crispy outer layer while keeping the inside tender and juicy. When topped with a special sauce, the flavors truly stand out.\\nAnother highlight is the “Vegetarian Roasted Goose,” made from tofu skin filled with mushrooms, carrots, and other ingredients. The texture and taste offer a delightful mix of the richness of goose and the freshness of vegetarian food.\\nTheir vegetarian buns are also well-known, with a soft dough and flavorful filling that surpasses the taste of typical meat-filled buns.\\nFinally, the beef potstickers are crisp on the outside with a juicy filling inside, reminiscent of soup dumplings, with a hint of sweetness that elevates the flavor.\\n📍Address: 248 Taiping S Street, Qinhuai District\\n5. Zhang Yun Salted Duck – 章云板鸭\\nIn Nanjing, duck dishes are a staple everywhere, deeply ingrained in local life. Among them, “Zhang Yun Salted Duck” is a well-known name.\\nThe restaurant’s signature salted duck stands out with its chewy texture, different from roast duck. The duck meat isn’t too salty on its own, and when topped with sauce, the flavors intensify.\\nTheir brined duck showcases the natural fragrance of the meat, with a perfectly balanced salty taste. While eating a lot might make it seem slightly saltier, it’s still milder compared to other places.\\nNanjing roast duck, unlike the Beijing or Cantonese styles, has a distinct flavor of its own. It tends to be sweeter and is roasted over an open flame, resulting in crispy skin and tender meat. When combined with the restaurant’s special sauce, it becomes even more flavorful and crispy.\\nIn addition to duck dishes, the restaurant also offers delectable items like duck wings and duck feet.\\n📍Address: 228 Shengzhou Road, Chaotiangong Street, Qinhuai District\\n6. Sichuan Restaurant – 四川酒家\\nDespite its name, Sichuan Restaurant isn’t your typical Sichuan cuisine spot. Instead, it specializes in dishes that appeal to Nanjing locals by toning down the spicy heat commonly associated with Sichuan food and adding Huaiyang elements for a more balanced flavor.\\nThe menu offers a mix of traditional Sichuan items like Mao Xue Wang (spicy blood curd and offal stew) alongside beloved Nanjing dishes like Jinling Soup Dumplings and Red Bean Glutinous Rice Balls. This combination has earned it a loyal following among the city’s older residents.\\nTheir xiaolongbao is especially well-regarded, ranking as one of the top in Nanjing.\\nMuch like Nanjing’s reputation for cultural diversity, Sichuan Restaurant brings together different regional cuisines, making it a fusion eatery that reflects the culinary variety of China.\\n📍Address: 171 Taiping S Rd, Qinhuai District\\n7. Liu Changxing – 刘长兴\\nLiu Changxing, a restaurant with over a century of history since its founding in 1901, is famous for its popular dishes like thin-skinned crab roe soup dumplings, five-nut steamed buns, eel noodles, smoked fish noodles, fish soup wontons, and steamed dumplings.\\nThe signature soup dumplings are delicate, with thin skins that allow the savory meat filling and rich broth to shine through. The meat filling, shaped like a small meatball, strikes a perfect balance between sweet and savory, making it a customer favorite.\\nThe steamed mushroom dumplings feature a tight outer layer and a juicy, flavorful filling.\\nThe fish soup wontons are served in a nutritious broth made from fresh fish, which is light, sweet, and naturally flavorful without the need for pepper. The pairing of the tender fish balls with the wontons creates a delightful and varied texture in each bite.\\n📍Address: 506 Zhongshan E Rd, Qinhuai District\\n8. Qifangge Restaurant – 奇芳阁\\nQifangge is renowned for serving authentic halal cuisine from Nanjing, appealing to both locals and tourists alike.\\nOne of the must-try dishes is their Duck Oil Shaobing, a specialty that stands out from regular shaobing thanks to its use of creamy white duck oil, which gives it its distinctive flavor. After baking for about 20 minutes, the shaobing emerges golden and crispy on both sides, with layers of flaky goodness.\\nAnother popular item is the Vegetarian Stuffed Bun, filled with tender spinach or greens, black fungus, sesame, mushrooms, dried tofu, and baked gluten, topped with sesame oil. The bun’s thin skin and generous filling make it a refreshing and appetite-boosting treat.\\n📍Address: 30 Shengzhou Road, Qinhuai District\\n9. Jining Tangbao – 鸡鸣汤包\\nLocated near Taiping Gate, Jining Tangbao has now become the leading soup dumpling chain in Nanjing. The store always has a long queue, and while the shop’s setting is simple, the enticing aroma of freshly made dumplings fills the space.\\nUnlike traditional Nanjing-style soup dumplings, Jining Tangbao has its pleats facing down, giving it a smooth and glossy appearance. The dumplings are small and delicate, with a thin, translucent skin.\\nWhen eating these soup dumplings, you first bring it to your mouth, take a small bite to taste the sweet broth. The soup is clear and rich in flavor. After sipping the broth, you can then enjoy the whole dumpling, slowly chewing to savor the tender pork combined with the savory broth—it’s an indescribable delight.\\n📍Address: 10 Taipingmen Road, Xuanwu District\\n10. Anleyuan Restaurant – 安乐园\\nFor those seeking morning tea in Nanjing, Anleyuan is a highly recommended spot known for its diverse selection of tea-time snacks. From traditional steamed buns to creative halal pastries, every dish here excels in flavor, aroma, and presentation.\\nThe standout is their Beef Steamed Bun, featuring a flavorful meat filling. The Shao Mai is another top-seller. Their Pan-Fried Buns have a thin, delicate skin and combine the juiciness of soup dumplings with the crispiness of pan-fried buns, making them a juicy delight. The restaurant offers an impressive variety of buns, such as beef, shepherd’s purse, vegetable, and red bean paste, each one packed with flavor.\\n📍Address: 138 Wangfu Ave, Baixia District\\n11. Liji Islamic Restaurant – 李记清真馆\\nWith over 20 years of history, Liji Islamic Restaurant is known for its range of beef specialties that are not to be missed, including pan-fried dumplings stuffed with beef, pan-fried beef buns, beef wontons, beef soup, and braised beef.\\nTheir pan-fried dumpling stuffed with beef are crescent-shaped with a crispy golden crust, filled with savory, slightly sweet beef. A dip in their house-made chili oil takes them to the next level. These pan-fried dumpling pair perfectly with vinegar and a bowl of beef or beef offal soup.\\nThe Beef Wontons have thin wrappers and ample filling, offering a taste of authentic Nanjing spicy oil wontons, served in a light broth with a hint of chili oil.\\nLiji also offers other favorites, such as dry-cut beef and smoked beef.\\n📍Address: 1 Dading Lane, Pingshi Street, Qinhuai District\\n12. Fangpo Gaotuan Shop – 芳婆糕团店\\nFangpo Gaotuan Shop is a legendary spot for Nanjing food lovers, widely regarded as the city’s best place for traditional rice cakes. Many Nanjing locals consider it well worth the journey and wait in line just to taste the delights here.\\nTheir standout dish is the customizable Wu Fan (Black Rice), where customers can choose toppings like crispy fried dough sticks, pork floss, braised eggs, and various sausages. The steamed black rice has a deep, fragrant aroma, with a perfect chewy and sticky texture. When paired with the fried dough and pork floss, the flavor becomes even more layered and satisfying.\\nAnother must-try is the Rice Wine Tangyuan, Fangpo’s signature dessert. Served in a silky, translucent broth, these glutinous rice dumplings are accompanied by soft red beans, with the broth’s thick, smooth texture making it especially rich and enjoyable. The dumplings and beans have a perfect balance of softness and chewiness.\\n📍Address: 50 Wangfu Ave, Bai Xia District\\n13. Jinling Yangjia Wonton Restaurant – 金陵杨家馄饨店\\nFamous for its delicious wontons, Jinling Yangjia Wonton Restaurant is highly rated by customers, with its Duck Blood Wontons being a standout specialty unique to Nanjing.\\nThe restaurant’s open kitchen lets customers observe the whole process, from making pork lard to preparing and cooking the wontons. The pork lard and chili oil are both homemade, adding to the authenticity.\\nThe wontons arrive in a fragrant golden broth, topped with pepper and finely chopped greens. Each wonton is generously filled and wrapped in a delicate, thin skin. The tender, bouncy duck blood adds a delightful texture, while the broth is rich and flavorful. A dash of homemade chili oil brings out even more savory goodness, making it irresistibly appetizing.\\nThe duck blood is served separately, and for those who like spice, a bit more chili oil enhances the aroma and taste even further.\\n📍Address: 1-1 Caodu Xiang, Baixia District\\n14. Xiaopanji Duck Blood Vermicelli Soup – 小潘记鸭血粉丝汤\\nAt first glance, Xiaopanji may appear ordinary, but once inside, the long line tells a different story. Customers often wait about ten minutes for their bowl of duck blood vermicelli soup, a sign of its popularity.\\nXiaopanji’s duck blood vermicelli soup is known for its rich, flavorful broth, using thin vermicelli noodles paired with duck blood, tofu, and more. Each spoonful is packed with ingredients, making it a savory delight that leaves a lasting impression.\\nThe special duck blood vermicelli soup stands out with its extra toppings, including crispy rice crackers and large braised eggs, adding even more layers of flavor.\\nFor those who find the special version too loaded or dislike certain ingredients, Xiaopanji also offers alternatives like duck leg vermicelli soup and duck breast vermicelli soup, both of which are equally tasty.\\n📍Address: 2 Jiangjun Ln, Xuanwu District\\n15. Gaoyou Noodle Restaurant – 高邮面馆\\nHidden in the quiet Lujiagang Alley behind the busy New Street area, Gaoyou Noodle Restaurant can be tricky to find, and you might need a local to guide you. Despite its out-of-the-way location, the restaurant’s famous dry mixed noodles with green pepper, tofu, and shredded pork have earned it a solid reputation.\\nA large, aromatic bowl of noodles is served, with stir-fried toppings coating the noodles in rich flavor. Generous portions of tofu and juicy shredded pork make it a dish that invites immediate enjoyment.\\nThe thin Gaoyou noodles are soaked in sauce, and after mixing the noodles and toppings, the flavor becomes even more intense.\\nThe secret to these noodles is the black pepper from Sichuan, which clings to each noodle strand and adds a robust, flavorful kick.\\n📍Address: 1 Lujia Ln, Qinhuai District\\n🌸Final Thoughts: Where to Eat in Nanjing\\nTo wrap things up, Nanjing’s food scene is full of incredible flavors, and these 15 restaurants offer some of the best dining experiences in the city. So next time you’re in Nanjing, make sure to check out these top picks and enjoy all the delicious food the city has to offer!\\nChina Travel Planning Guide&FAQ\\nYes. Most visitors to China will need a visa to enter the country. The type of visa you need will depend on the purpose and duration of your trip, as well as your nationality. If you are a resident of the US, you must apply for a Chinese visa at the Consular Office in the country. On the other hand, inhabitants of countries like Japan, Canada, and the UK can request a visa through the Chinese Visa Application Service Center.\\nIn China, the government has strict regulations on internet access, leading to the blocking of popular websites and social media platforms such as Facebook, Twitter, Google, and YouTube. To access these sites, a VPN is suggested as a means of bypassing the restrictions. It is important to choose a reputable VPN provider and use caution while doing so. ExpressVPN has been historically deemed the most reliable VPN for this purpose, despite being heavily targeted by China’s censors. Nevertheless, it is still a widely preferred option owing to its ease of installation and user-friendliness.\\nYes. It is crucial to acknowledge that accessing the internet in China may pose limitations due to certain websites being prohibited or filtered. To ensure uninterrupted connectivity while staying in China, purchasing a local SIM card is advisable. For optimum results, acquiring SIM cards from either China Unicom or China Mobile is recommended. While China Mobile has the most comprehensive coverage in China and is a market leader, China Unicom is more compatible with foreign phones, enabling 3G and 4G services. Or you can purchase a SIM card online.\\nYes. Although China is generally a safe country for travel, it is still possible to encounter accidents or other unexpected occurrences. Therefore, obtaining travel insurance can provide a sense of security and financial protection. In my research, I have found that World Nomads is a reputable travel insurance provider that covers a wide range of activities and is recommended for the average traveler. Nevertheless, I advise you to compare insurance quotes from various providers before making a decision.\\nUnfeasible. Obtaining a Chinese driver’s license to rent a car and self-drive may seem like an option, but it is not a practical choice for most foreigners. Therefore, many prefer to opt for a driver or public transportation when navigating China, as it proves to be more convenient.\\nI suggest using Trip for affordable flights to China. As a China-based company, they often offer lower prices compared to foreign companies. Additionally, they offer English-speaking phone support in case of any issues.\\nNot only does Trip offer a wider range of flight options, but it also provides a greater selection of hotels to choose from. Moreover, Agoda is a reliable resource for hotels throughout Asia.\\nTravel adapter and converter: China uses a different electrical system than many other countries, so it’s important to bring a travel adapter and converter if you plan to use electronic devices such as phones, cameras, and laptops.  Sunscreen: The UV index in China can be high, particularly during the summer months, and prolonged exposure to the sun without protection can cause skin damage and increase the risk of skin cancer.Deodorant: It should be noted that finding deodorant in China may not be a simple task.\\nYes. If you’re planning to travel to China for the first time, a travel guidebook can be a valuable resource, and Lonely Planet is one of the most reputable guides available globally. Its comprehensive itineraries and recommendations take into account your personal preferences and can save you both time and money. The insider tips are also extremely helpful in navigating China’s unique cultural landscape like a local.\\n\\nAbout \\nHi! I’m Esther, a passionate traveler with a deep love for China’s rich culture, history, and stunning landscapes. Through this blog, I share my experiences and insights to help you explore the best of what China has to offer—from ancient wonders to hidden gems. Let me guide you on your next unforgettable journey through China!\\nRecent Posts \\n\\n\\t\\t\\t\\t\\tRelated Posts\\t\\t\\t\\t\\nLeave a ReplyCancel Reply\\nYour email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *\\n\\nName  *\\n\\n\\n\\nEmail  *\\n\\n\\n\\nWebsite\\n\\n\\n\\nAdd Comment *\\n\\n\\nSave my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.\\nPost Comment \\n\\n\\nCopyright © 2025 - Let's Travel To China | Privacy Policy\\n \\n\"}, {\"type\": \"page\", \"title\": \"Jinling Hotel Nanjing official site! Best price guarantee!\", \"url\": \"http://jinling.hotelnanjing.cn/en\", \"content\": \"The Jinling Hotel Nanjing contains 970 guest rooms, over 4,000 square meters of modern and well-equipped meeting venues as well as 13 small meeting rooms, and includes an advanced health club, standard swimming pool, and professional spa. The hotel also features fine dining restaurants, at which discriminating diners may enjoy authentic\", \"score\": 0.854509}, {\"type\": \"image\", \"image_url\": \"https://media-cdn.tripadvisor.com/media/photo-s/05/c3/79/75/getlstd-property-photo.jpg\", \"image_description\": \"The restaurant at Jinling Hotel Nanjing features elegantly set tables with white tablecloths, traditional wooden chairs, and decorative plants, creating a serene and inviting atmosphere.\"}, {\"type\": \"image\", \"image_url\": \"https://media-cdn.tripadvisor.com/media/photo-s/05/f5/fe/84/jin-s-cafe.jpg\", \"image_description\": \"The interior of the restaurant features elegant wooden furnishings, neatly set tables with white napkins, and decorative wooden partitions, creating a sophisticated dining atmosphere.\"}, {\"type\": \"image\", \"image_url\": \"https://media-cdn.tripadvisor.com/media/photo-s/05/c3/7a/47/getlstd-property-photo.jpg\", \"image_description\": \"A stylish restaurant interior features a large wooden table adorned with fresh fruits and greenery, complemented by a modern chandelier and a backdrop of sleek kitchen equipment.\"}, {\"type\": \"image\", \"image_url\": \"https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/517926844.jpg?k=ce31beff21770d38ecbbd58e49f40369bc53d530004fa478bf883378bf29bb81&o=&hp=1\", \"image_description\": \"The interior of the Jinling Hotel's restaurant features elegant wooden accents, numerous tables set for dining, and a buffet display illuminated under stylish overhead lighting.\"}, {\"type\": \"image\", \"image_url\": \"https://dynamic-media-cdn.tripadvisor.com/media/photo-o/05/ea/c4/73/plum-garden.jpg?w=1000&h=600&s=1\", \"image_description\": \"A beautifully presented dish of sliced fish lies on a white plate, showcasing its delicate texture against a dark, natural backdrop.\"}]", "tool_call_id": ""}

event: tool_call_result
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "e969024e-a2a0-4e21-ab24-ec48b689b36d", "role": "assistant", "content": "[{\"type\": \"page\", \"title\": \"Top 10 Nanjing Restaurants: Ma Xiang Xing, Han Fu Xing…\", \"url\": \"https://www.travelchinaguide.com/cityguides/jiangsu/nanjing-restaurants.htm\", \"content\": \"With more than 170 years history, Ma Xiang Xing is the most famous halal Nanjing restaurant. However, instead of cooking beef and mutton, this restaurant has many innovative cuisines made of fish, duck and shrimp. The most popular dishes are Squirrel-shaped Mandarin Fish, Phoenix-tailed Prawns and Steamed Egg Dumplings.\", \"score\": 0.8412138}, {\"type\": \"page\", \"title\": \"Zhuo Xian | Seafood Restaurant at Jumeirah Nanjing, China\", \"url\": \"https://www.jumeirah.com/en/stay/nanjing/jumeirah-nanjing/dining/nanjing-zhuo-xian\", \"content\": \"While many chefs focus on elaborate dishes, chef Boston Wang's seafood dishes are characterized by simplicity yet sophistication, using fresh seasonal ingredients and cooking with confidence to achieve unpretentious deliciousness. At Seafood Bar, he draws inspiration from around the world to create a sophisticated seafood menu that blends different flavors and provides an elegant dining experience for Nanjing's most discerning diners.\\n\\nRelated restaurants [...] Share\\n\\nZhuo Xian\\n\\nDiscover modern seafood and expert mixology, with sweeping views from the 41st floor.\\n\\nExperience\\n\\nDrinks & Light Bites\\n\\nFine Dining\\n\\nInternational\\n\\nOPENING TIMES\\n\\nDaily, 17:30 - 01:00\\n\\nCONTACT\\n\\njninfo@jumeirah.com\\n\\n+86 25 5878 0888\\n\\nDRESS CODE\\n\\nSmart Casual\\n\\nMenu\\n\\nHead Chef\\n\\nBoston Wang [...] Discover similar venues at Jumeirah Nanjing\\n\\nChajie\\n\\nEnjoy fragrant teas in a serene setting with a choice of over 30 varieties.\\n\\nLu Chao\\n\\nInnovative dishes bring a unique perspective to Cantonese cuisine.\\n\\nPanorama\\n\\nEnjoy live culinary artistry and a dynamic buffet menu.\", \"score\": 0.8235701, \"raw_content\": \"\\n\\nShare\\n\\nZhuo Xian\\n\\nDiscover modern seafood and expert mixology, with sweeping views from the 41st floor.\\n\\nExperience\\n\\nDrinks & Light Bites\\n\\nFine Dining\\n\\nInternational\\n\\nOPENING TIMES\\n\\nDaily, 17:30 - 01:00\\n\\nCONTACT\\n\\njninfo@jumeirah.com\\n\\n+86 25 5878 0888\\n\\nDRESS CODE\\n\\nSmart Casual\\n\\nMenu\\n\\nHead Chef\\n\\nBoston Wang\\n\\nWhile many chefs focus on elaborate dishes, chef Boston Wang's seafood dishes are characterized by simplicity yet sophistication, using fresh seasonal ingredients and cooking with confidence to achieve unpretentious deliciousness. At Seafood Bar, he draws inspiration from around the world to create a sophisticated seafood menu that blends different flavors and provides an elegant dining experience for Nanjing's most discerning diners.\\n\\nRelated restaurants\\n\\nDiscover similar venues at Jumeirah Nanjing\\n\\nChajie\\n\\nEnjoy fragrant teas in a serene setting with a choice of over 30 varieties.\\n\\nLu Chao\\n\\nInnovative dishes bring a unique perspective to Cantonese cuisine.\\n\\nPanorama\\n\\nEnjoy live culinary artistry and a dynamic buffet menu.\\n\\n\"}, {\"type\": \"page\", \"title\": \"Where to eat: the 50 best restaurants in Nanjing - Wanderlog\", \"url\": \"https://wanderlog.com/list/geoCategory/74026/where-to-eat-best-restaurants-in-nanjing\", \"content\": \"Meiyuan Restaurant is known for its Nanjing-style cuisine, offering popular dishes like boiled salted duck, bean starch sheets with crab cream, seafood soup with crisp, marinated mushroom, and large meatballs with crab cream. The restaurant is praised for its excellent service and food quality, although it's considered a bit pricey.\", \"score\": 0.82186085}, {\"type\": \"image\", \"image_url\": \"https://cdn.jumeirah.com/-/mediadh/dh/hospitality/jumeirah/restaurants/nanjing/nanjing-zhou-xian/hero-banner/zhuo-xian-seafood-bar_6-4.jpg?h=1080&w=1620\", \"image_description\": \"The interior features a modern seafood restaurant with sleek furnishings, a stylish bar area adorned with pendant lights, and expansive windows offering a view of the cityscape.\"}, {\"type\": \"image\", \"image_url\": \"https://cdn.jumeirah.com/-/mediadh/dh/hospitality/jumeirah/hotels/nanjing/jumeirah-nanjing/new-website-content/restaurant-pages/zhuoxian/jna_zhuoxian_menu-image.jpeg?h=1080&w=1920&modified=20240426125031\", \"image_description\": \"A clear bowl contains succulent shrimp and a piece of abalone garnished with fresh dill, while a gentle stream of broth is being poured over the seafood.\"}, {\"type\": \"image\", \"image_url\": \"https://cdn.jumeirah.com/-/mediadh/dh/hospitality/jumeirah/hotels/nanjing/jumeirah-nanjing/new-website-content/restaurant-pages/zhuoxian/jna_zhuoxian_gallery-image-5.jpeg?h=1080&w=1620&modified=20240426125018\", \"image_description\": \"A luxurious platter features grilled meats, including steak, accompanied by lobster, abalone, and colorful vegetables, all presented elegantly against a dark background.\"}, {\"type\": \"image\", \"image_url\": \"https://cdn.jumeirah.com/-/mediadh/dh/hospitality/jumeirah/hotels/nanjing/jumeirah-nanjing/new-website-content/restaurant-pages/zhuoxian/jna_zhuoxian_gallery-image-1.jpeg?h=1080&w=1621&modified=20240426125001\", \"image_description\": \"A modern seafood restaurant features elegant interior design with patrons enjoying drinks and meals at stylish tables, while large windows showcase scenic views of the city.\"}, {\"type\": \"image\", \"image_url\": \"https://cdn.jumeirah.com/-/mediadh/dh/hospitality/jumeirah/hotels/nanjing/jumeirah-nanjing/new-website-content/restaurant-pages/zhuoxian/jna_zhuoxian_gallery-image-4.jpeg?h=1080&w=1620&modified=20240426125014\", \"image_description\": \"A beautifully presented plate features a large, grilled lobster tail alongside rich noodles and cherry tomatoes, garnished with delicate herbs.\"}]", "tool_call_id": ""}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-3eb74bc5-52a6-45fb-97c5-83ef94a1770a", "role": "assistant", "content": "The search results provide"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-3eb74bc5-52a6-45fb-97c5-83ef94a1770a", "role": "assistant", "content": " the following information:\n\n**Jinling Hotel:**\n\n*   The Jinling Hotel itself"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-3eb74bc5-52a6-45fb-97c5-83ef94a1770a", "role": "assistant", "content": " has multiple restaurants.\n*   `letstraveltochina.com` specifically"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-3eb74bc5-52a6-45fb-97c5-83ef94a1770a", "role": "assistant", "content": " mentions the **Plum Garden (梅苑)** restaurant in Jinling Hotel as a go-to favorite among Nanjing locals, featuring Beijing and Huaiyang cuisines."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-3eb74bc5-52a6-45fb-97c5-83ef94a1770a", "role": "assistant", "content": " Their salted duck is considered Nanjing's finest.\n*   The Jinling Hotel official website mentions fine dining restaurants serving authentic cuisine.\n\n**Nanjing Seafood Restaurant:**"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-3eb74bc5-52a6-45fb-97c5-83ef94a1770a", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n\n*   `travelchinaguide.com` mentions **Ma Xiang Xing**, a halal Nanjing restaurant with a long history that innovatively uses fish, duck, and shrimp in its dishes. Popular dishes include Squirrel-shaped Mandarin Fish,"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-3eb74bc5-52a6-45fb-97c5-83ef94a1770a", "role": "assistant", "content": " Phoenix-tailed Prawns, and Steamed Egg Dumplings. This seems to be an alternative to a dedicated \"Nanjing Seafood Restaurant\".\n*   The Jumeirah Nanjing hotel features **Zhuo Xian**, a seafood restaurant with modern seafood"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-3eb74bc5-52a6-45fb-97c5-83ef94a1770a", "role": "assistant", "content": " and expert mixology.\n\nNow let's look into the Plum Garden restaurant in Jinling Hotel, Ma Xiang Xing, and culinary trends in Nanjing.\n\n"}

event: tool_calls
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-3eb74bc5-52a6-45fb-97c5-83ef94a1770a", "role": "assistant", "finish_reason": "tool_calls", "tool_calls": [{"name": "web_search", "args": {"query": "Plum Garden restaurant Jinling Hotel Nanjing reviews menu"}, "id": "", "type": "tool_call"}], "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": "web_search", "args": "{\"query\":\"Plum Garden restaurant Jinling Hotel Nanjing reviews menu\"}", "id": "", "index": null, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_result
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "1fff1b2e-8c16-4559-9018-9b603948849a", "role": "assistant", "content": "[{\"type\": \"page\", \"title\": \"JINLING HOTEL PLUM GARDEN, Nanjing - Tripadvisor\", \"url\": \"https://www.tripadvisor.com/Restaurant_Review-g294220-d6579270-Reviews-or15-Jinling_Hotel_Plum_Garden-Nanjing_Jiangsu.html\", \"content\": \"Jinling Hotel Plum Garden, Nanjing: See 30 unbiased reviews of Jinling Hotel Plum Garden, rated 4.5 of 5 on Tripadvisor and ranked #14 of 1,006 restaurants in Nanjing.\", \"score\": 0.7917732}, {\"type\": \"page\", \"title\": \"JINLING HOTEL PLUM GARDEN, Nanjing - Restaurant Reviews ... - Tripadvisor\", \"url\": \"https://www.tripadvisor.ca/Restaurant_Review-g294220-d6579270-Reviews-Jinling_Hotel_Plum_Garden-Nanjing_Jiangsu.html\", \"content\": \"Jinling Hotel Plum Garden, Nanjing: See 30 unbiased reviews of Jinling Hotel Plum Garden, rated 4.5 of 5 on Tripadvisor and ranked #14 of 1,008 restaurants in Nanjing.\", \"score\": 0.7872945}, {\"type\": \"page\", \"title\": \"JINLING HOTEL PLUM GARDEN, Nanjing - Restaurant Reviews, Photos & Phone ...\", \"url\": \"https://www.tripadvisor.com/Restaurant_Review-g294220-d6579270-Reviews-Jinling_Hotel_Plum_Garden-Nanjing_Jiangsu.html\", \"content\": \"Jinling Hotel Plum Garden, Nanjing: See 30 unbiased reviews of Jinling Hotel Plum Garden, rated 4.5 of 5 on Tripadvisor and ranked #14 of 1,004 restaurants in Nanjing.\", \"score\": 0.7817479}, {\"type\": \"image\", \"image_url\": \"https://media-cdn.tripadvisor.com/media/photo-s/05/c3/79/75/getlstd-property-photo.jpg\", \"image_description\": \"The restaurant at Jinling Hotel Nanjing features elegantly set tables with white tablecloths, traditional wooden chairs, and decorative plants, creating a serene and inviting atmosphere.\"}, {\"type\": \"image\", \"image_url\": \"https://img.siksinhot.com/place/1506575962777791.jpg\", \"image_description\": \"A lavish spread of seafood including crab, sashimi, and abalone arranged beautifully on ice, accompanied by a pot and small bowls featuring dipping sauces, all set against a panoramic city view.\"}, {\"type\": \"image\", \"image_url\": \"https://dynamic-media-cdn.tripadvisor.com/media/photo-o/05/f9/42/d8/plum-garden.jpg?w=600&h=-1&s=1\", \"image_description\": \"A bowl of noodles is served in a rich broth, topped with succulent pieces of fish and garnished with green onions.\"}, {\"type\": \"image\", \"image_url\": \"https://dynamic-media-cdn.tripadvisor.com/media/photo-o/05/ea/c4/73/plum-garden.jpg?w=1000&h=-1&s=1\", \"image_description\": \"A beautifully presented dish of sliced fish is served on a white plate, placed on an artistic black stone base that resembles a lotus flower, surrounded by lush green foliage.\"}, {\"type\": \"image\", \"image_url\": \"https://images.sirved.com/ChIJfai53t1wD4gRfghWqhe2pp0/6112852325e21.jpg\", \"image_description\": \"The lunch menu from Plum Garden features a variety of dishes such as Hong Kong Chicken, Mongolian Beef, and Fried Rice, alongside images of plated meals that include fried rice, egg rolls, and colorful vegetable mixes.\"}]", "tool_call_id": ""}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-619b9036-e650-4654-867d-f4e3e480b355", "role": "assistant", "content": "The"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-619b9036-e650-4654-867d-f4e3e480b355", "role": "assistant", "content": " search for Plum Garden restaurant reveals:\n\n*   TripAdvisor has 30"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-619b9036-e650-4654-867d-f4e3e480b355", "role": "assistant", "content": " reviews, with an average rating of 4.5/5, ranking it"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-619b9036-e650-4654-867d-f4e3e480b355", "role": "assistant", "content": " among the top restaurants in Nanjing.\n*   The images show elegant dining settings and beautifully presented dishes.\n\nUnfortunately, the search results do not provide a menu"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-619b9036-e650-4654-867d-f4e3e480b355", "role": "assistant", "content": " or pricing information. Let's try searching for Ma Xiang Xing menu and reviews.\n\n"}

event: tool_calls
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-619b9036-e650-4654-867d-f4e3e480b355", "role": "assistant", "finish_reason": "tool_calls", "tool_calls": [{"name": "web_search", "args": {"query": "Ma Xiang Xing Nanjing menu reviews"}, "id": "", "type": "tool_call"}], "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": "web_search", "args": "{\"query\":\"Ma Xiang Xing Nanjing menu reviews\"}", "id": "", "index": null, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_result
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "6dc3872f-cdcc-4665-b5f4-5a8992f5f76c", "role": "assistant", "content": "[{\"type\": \"page\", \"title\": \"Must-Try Foods In Qinhuai River (Nanjing) For Tourists 2025\", \"url\": \"https://travelsetu.com/guide/qinhuai-river-tourism/food-in-qinhuai-river\", \"content\": \"Must-Try Top 10 Food Dishes around Qinhuai River, Nanjing. ... Ma Xiang Xing Address: 56-2 Zhonghua Road, Qinhuai District, Nanjing Famous for: Roast Duck - non-veg; ... 1700 reviews. Historical Landmark. Sun Yatsen Mausoleum. 480 reviews. Historic Site. Nanjing City Wall. 595 reviews.\", \"score\": 0.7892503}, {\"type\": \"page\", \"title\": \"Top 10 Nanjing Restaurants: Ma Xiang Xing, Han Fu Xing…\", \"url\": \"https://www.travelchinaguide.com/cityguides/jiangsu/nanjing-restaurants.htm\", \"content\": \"Chinese name: 马祥兴菜馆 mă xíang xīng caì guănWith more than 170 years history, Ma Xiang Xing is the most famous halal Nanjing restaurant. However, instead of cooking beef and mutton, this restaurant has many innovative cuisines made of fish, duck and shrimp. The most popular dishes are Squirrel-shaped Mandarin Fish, Phoenix-tailed Prawns and Steamed Egg Dumplings. You will definitely be satisfied with its good-quality ingredients and cheap price!\\n\\nNo.2: Han Fu Xing Restaurant [...] Chinese name: 莲湖糕团店 lían hú gāo tuán dìanThis one is a must for those who like glutinous dessert! Lian Hu Gao Tuan Dian is reputable as the most representative dessert store in Jiangsu Province. Among all kinds of desserts, Sweet Dumplings Filled with Fragrans and Five-color Sponge Cake are the hottest orders. As a main ingredient, the bean paste is sweet, chewy but not cloy. If you want to take away some pastries, Assorted Sponge Cake, Chestnut Cake, Green Rice Cake and Bean Paste Rice Cake [...] Chinese name: 奇芳阁 qí fāng géEstablished in 1920, Qi Fang Ge Restaurant is reputable for making traditional Nanjing food. The four most famous dishes are Duck Sesame Cake, Shredded Dried Tofu with Pepper Oil, Assorted Stuffing Dumpling and Shredded Chicken Noodles. The sesame cake perfectly blends the fragrance of sesame seed and duck oil, truly palatable. Also, its dumplings have a refreshing flavor of the mix of spinage, dried tofu, agaric and pepper oil. By the way, you will be impressed by\", \"score\": 0.752468, \"raw_content\": \"\\n\\nHome | Asia Tours | China Tours | Small Groups | City Packages | Day Trips | Tailor My Trip | Trains | City Guide | Reviews\\nTop 10 Nanjing Restaurants\\n\\nNo.1: Ma Xiang Xing Restaurant\\n\\n\\n\\nChinese name: 马祥兴菜馆 mă xíang xīng caì guănWith more than 170 years history, Ma Xiang Xing is the most famous halal Nanjing restaurant. However, instead of cooking beef and mutton, this restaurant has many innovative cuisines made of fish, duck and shrimp. The most popular dishes are Squirrel-shaped Mandarin Fish, Phoenix-tailed Prawns and Steamed Egg Dumplings. You will definitely be satisfied with its good-quality ingredients and cheap price!\\n\\nNo.2: Han Fu Xing Restaurant\\n\\n\\n\\nChinese name: 韩复兴 hán fù xīngHan Fu Xing Restaurant makes the best Nanjing Salted Duck, which was even the royal’s choice in the late Qing Dynasty (1866-1912). This restaurant prefers to choose smaller ducks with chewy flesh. And its special cooking technique can retain the original flavor of duck. The crispy Duck Fat Pastry with strong fragrance is another must for tourists. Pastry’s two versions, sweet and salty, are both available.\\n\\nNo.3: Qi Fang Ge Restaurant\\n\\n\\n\\nChinese name: 奇芳阁 qí fāng géEstablished in 1920, Qi Fang Ge Restaurant is reputable for making traditional Nanjing food. The four most famous dishes are Duck Sesame Cake, Shredded Dried Tofu with Pepper Oil, Assorted Stuffing Dumpling and Shredded Chicken Noodles. The sesame cake perfectly blends the fragrance of sesame seed and duck oil, truly palatable. Also, its dumplings have a refreshing flavor of the mix of spinage, dried tofu, agaric and pepper oil. By the way, you will be impressed by this Nanjing restaurant’s quaint decoration!\\n\\n\\n\\nNo.4: Jiang You Ji Restaurant\\n\\n\\n\\nChinese name: 蒋有记 jĭang yŏu jìSpeaking of Beef Potsticker / Pan-fried Beef Dumpling, local people will strongly recommend Jiang You Ji Restaurant. It really lives up to its reputation because this dish at this restaurant has been listed as one of the 8 Specialists of Nanjing. Each golden potsticker is like a mini crescent moon, and combines the crispy crust and juicy minced beef. This dish’s delicate balance of salty and sweet makes Jiang You Ji a Nanjing restaurant you must visit.\\n\\nNo.5: Liu Chang Xing Restaurant\\n\\n\\n\\nChinese name: 刘长兴 líu cháng xīngMany Nanjing people choose to have a morning tea at Liu Chang Xing Restaurant, and Steamed Bun Stuffed with Crab Roe is its signature dish. The plentiful crab roe and crab meat are wrapped in thin but chewy coating. The finished steamed buns taste sweet and fresh, and remember to suck the delicious soup inside before eating it. At this restaurant, stewed cuisines, noodles with pork, eel and smoked fish are also worth trying.\\n\\nNo.6: Yong He Yuan Restaurant\\n\\n\\n\\nChinese name: 永和园酒楼 yŏng hé yuán jĭu lóuYong He Yuan is a traditional Nanjing restaurant famous for both main course and pastry. Nearly all the Nanjing dishes can be savored here and its most popular dish is Duck Blood and Vermicelli Soup. For those who want something sweet, Sweet Dumplings with Red Bean is sure to satisfy your need. As for pastry, you should never miss its Crab-shell-like Sesame Seed Cake. It has salty version and sweet version. The former features crispy crust with enticing smell, and the latter with enough black sesame seed stuffing is sweet but not greasy.\\n\\nNo.7: Lian Hu Pastry Store\\n\\n\\n\\nChinese name: 莲湖糕团店 lían hú gāo tuán dìanThis one is a must for those who like glutinous dessert! Lian Hu Gao Tuan Dian is reputable as the most representative dessert store in Jiangsu Province. Among all kinds of desserts, Sweet Dumplings Filled with Fragrans and Five-color Sponge Cake are the hottest orders. As a main ingredient, the bean paste is sweet, chewy but not cloy. If you want to take away some pastries, Assorted Sponge Cake, Chestnut Cake, Green Rice Cake and Bean Paste Rice Cake are also good options.\\n\\nNo.8: Lv Liu Ju Restaurant\\n\\n\\n\\nChinese name: 绿柳居 lǜ lĭu jūLv Liu Ju is the most well-known vegetarian Nanjing restaurant, thus also a good option for Muslims. The vegetable food at Lv Liu Ju is so palatable that it used to frequently hold banquets for local celebrities in the early 20th century. The restaurant’s signature dish is Steamed Vegetable Dumpling and it is said that Lv Liu Ju can sell 5,000 steamed dumplings per day. In addition, the most striking feature of this restaurant is that the chef can use vegetables to cook vivid meat dishes. For example, the chicken and duck here are actually made of gluten, bean curd skin and other bean products. Both the visual and texture are very similar to real meat. If you visit this restaurant with lots of families or friends, then it is recommended to reserve a Vegan Feast in advance.\\n\\nNo.9: Qing Zhen An Le Yuan Restaurant\\n\\n\\n\\nChinese name: 清真安乐园菜馆 qīng zhēn ān lè yuán caì guănAs a time-honored halal restaurant, An Le Yuan is good at cooking not only beef and mutton, but also various snacks for the morning tea. At breakfast time, many people will line up for Spicy Soup, Steamed Beef Dumplings, and Steamed Bean Paste Dumplings. Some customers even buy dozens of steamed dumplings at one time. Recommended main courses are Braised Beef Meatballs and Stewed Vegetables with Duck Tongue, and the latter can’t be found elsewhere.\\n\\nNo.10: Ya De Bao Chain Store\\n\\n\\n\\nChinese name: 鸭得堡老鸭粉丝汤 yā dé băo lăo yā fĕn sī tāngCompared with the Nanjing restaurants mentioned above, Ya De Bao has the most chain stores and specializes in cooking Duck Blood and Vermicelli Soup. Though various duck giblets are presented together, you can still taste the subtle differences of each ingredient. Fresh duck blood, salty duck intestine and chewy duck kidney add flavor to each other. What’s more, many local people will order a piece of rice crust and soak it into the rich soup base, which is really worth trying.\\n\\n\\n\\n\\n\\n\\n\\n\"}, {\"type\": \"page\", \"title\": \"Ma Xiang Xing Restaurant - % ΔRΔBICΔ - Arabica\", \"url\": \"https://arabica.coffee/en/place/ma-xiang-xing-restaurant/\", \"content\": \"Ma Xiang Xing is the first Muslim restaurant in Nanjing, and it has been continuously in business for over 170 years. Signature dishes include Egg Shaomai.\", \"score\": 0.6932451}, {\"type\": \"image\", \"image_url\": \"https://arabicaweb.xsrv.jp/wp-content/uploads/2019/11/03_Ma-Xiang-Xing-Restaurant_02.jpg\", \"image_description\": \"A beautifully presented fish dish with a glossy red sauce and garnished with green onions and sliced vegetables.\"}, {\"type\": \"image\", \"image_url\": \"https://fastly.4sqi.net/img/general/600x600/90665803_Bkd0qJ5yFCMHfcU8hMcS8DQHH6P-OtbMalOo-Pt9CfA.jpg\", \"image_description\": \"A bamboo steamer contains four delicate dumplings, while a white plate showcases several golden, fried pastries arranged neatly beside them.\"}, {\"type\": \"image\", \"image_url\": \"https://www.thenanjinger.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/04/The-Nanjinger-Ma-Xiangxing-A-Century-Long-Journey-of-culinary-innovation1.jpg\", \"image_description\": \"The storefront displays the name \\\"马祥兴\\\" prominently, along with various menu items and reviews, while a person interacts with the displayed food options.\"}, {\"type\": \"image\", \"image_url\": \"https://www.thenanjinger.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/04/The-Nanjinger-Ma-Xiangxing-A-Century-Long-Journey-of-culinary-innovation6-696x417.jpg\", \"image_description\": \"A beautifully presented dish featuring a whole fish, meticulously shaped and garnished, covered in a vibrant red sauce with peas and decorative vegetable garnishes.\"}, {\"type\": \"image\", \"image_url\": \"https://www.thenanjinger.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/04/The-Nanjinger-Ma-Xiangxing-A-Century-Long-Journey-of-culinary-innovation5-696x417.jpg\", \"image_description\": \"A decorative plate features ten dumplings, each topped with a bright orange dot, surrounded by fresh parsley and a single purple flower, all against a floral blue design.\"}]", "tool_call_id": ""}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-4b123af7-bdc6-4af9-9e04-5edecb492e74", "role": "assistant", "content": "The search results"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-4b123af7-bdc6-4af9-9e04-5edecb492e74", "role": "assistant", "content": " for Ma Xiang Xing provide the following:\n\n*   `travelchinaguide"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-4b123af7-bdc6-4af9-9e04-5edecb492e74", "role": "assistant", "content": ".com` confirms it's the most famous halal Nanjing restaurant with a long history. It"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-4b123af7-bdc6-4af9-9e04-5edecb492e74", "role": "assistant", "content": " highlights popular dishes like Squirrel-shaped Mandarin Fish, Phoenix-tailed Prawns, and Steamed Egg Dumplings, emphasizing good-quality ingredients and cheap prices."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-4b123af7-bdc6-4af9-9e04-5edecb492e74", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n*   `travelsetu.com` lists its address as 56-2 Zhonghua Road, Qinhuai District, Nanjing and mentions Roast Duck."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-4b123af7-bdc6-4af9-9e04-5edecb492e74", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n*   `arabica.coffee` states it's the first Muslim restaurant in Nanjing, continuously operating for over 170 years and highlighting Egg Shaomai.\n\nThe search results still lack detailed menu and pricing. Given"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-4b123af7-bdc6-4af9-9e04-5edecb492e74", "role": "assistant", "content": " the limitations of the search results and the available tools, I am unable to provide detailed information on pricing and a comprehensive menu for these restaurants. I will focus on summarizing the information gathered.\n\n**Trends and Changes in Nanjing's Culinary Scene"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-4b123af7-bdc6-4af9-9e04-5edecb492e74", "role": "assistant", "content": ":**\n\nTo identify trends, I will search for articles discussing the current culinary trends in Nanjing.\n\n"}

event: tool_calls
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-4b123af7-bdc6-4af9-9e04-5edecb492e74", "role": "assistant", "finish_reason": "tool_calls", "tool_calls": [{"name": "web_search", "args": {"query": "Nanjing culinary trends 2024 2025"}, "id": "", "type": "tool_call"}], "tool_call_chunks": [{"name": "web_search", "args": "{\"query\":\"Nanjing culinary trends 2024 2025\"}", "id": "", "index": null, "type": "tool_call_chunk"}]}

event: tool_call_result
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "7dc32541-2538-4195-bb6f-08efe37452a5", "role": "assistant", "content": "[{\"type\": \"page\", \"title\": \"Top 10 Nanjing Food You Must Try - Trip.com\", \"url\": \"https://www.trip.com/guide/food/nanjing-food.html\", \"content\": \"February 20, 2025. Are you ready to dive into the vibrant and flavorful world of Nanjing's food scene? Known for its rich culinary traditions and unique local flavors, Nanjing is a paradise for food lovers. Whether you're a fan of spicy, savory, or sweet dishes, Nanjing has something to tantalize your taste buds.\", \"score\": 0.83742094}, {\"type\": \"page\", \"title\": \"MICHELIN Guide 2025: Jiangsu Province's Culinary Spotlight Shines on ...\", \"url\": \"https://guide.michelin.com/en/article/travel/michelin-guide-2025-jiangsu-cuisine-nanjing\", \"content\": \"the province’s new starred restaurants.On April 9, 2025, the highly anticipated first edition of the Jiangsu MICHELIN Guide will be officially released, showcasing the culinary excellence of Nanjing, Yangzhou, and Suzhou—three cities renowned for their rich history and vibrant food culture. As the capital of Jiangsu Province, Nanjing will host the release ceremony, welcoming global food enthusiasts to celebrate the region’s gastronomic achievements and its unique blend of tradition and [...] The MICHELIN Guide has set its sights on Nanjing for the unveiling of its 2025 Jiangsu Province selection—a city that’s equal parts historical treasure and modern culinary powerhouse. Once the heart of six imperial dynasties, Nanjing is a place where ancient traditions meet contemporary sophistication. Perched along the mighty Yangtze River, this cultural gem has long been a crossroads of China’s political, economic, and culinary evolution, earning it the title of host city for the unveiling of [...] its timeworn architecture, artisan boutiques, and the irresistible aroma of sizzling street food—a perfect fusion of past and present, just like Nanjing itself. With its deep-rooted history, thriving culinary scene, and undeniable charm, Nanjing is our partner as the host city for this next MICHELIN Guide 2025 awards ceremony—a celebration of Jiangsu’s finest flavors on the world stage.\", \"score\": 0.81770587, \"raw_content\": \"MICHELIN Guide 2025: Jiangsu Province’s Culinary Spotlight Shines on Nanjing\\n\\nThe MICHELIN Guide unveils its 2025 Jiangsu Province selection in Nanjing, a historic yet modern culinary powerhouse along the Yangtze River.\\n\\nfood\\n                        \\n\\n                            Restaurants\\n                        \\n\\n                            Announcement\\n                        \\n\\n                            Michelin news\\n                        \\n\\n                            China\\n\\nShare\\n\\n\\n\\nThe MICHELIN Guide has set its sights on Nanjing for the unveiling of its 2025 Jiangsu Province selection—a city that’s equal parts historical treasure and modern culinary powerhouse. Once the heart of six imperial dynasties, Nanjing is a place where ancient traditions meet contemporary sophistication. Perched along the mighty Yangtze River, this cultural gem has long been a crossroads of China’s political, economic, and culinary evolution, earning it the title of host city for the unveiling of the province’s new starred restaurants.On April 9, 2025, the highly anticipated first edition of the Jiangsu MICHELIN Guide will be officially released, showcasing the culinary excellence of Nanjing, Yangzhou, and Suzhou—three cities renowned for their rich history and vibrant food culture. As the capital of Jiangsu Province, Nanjing will host the release ceremony, welcoming global food enthusiasts to celebrate the region’s gastronomic achievements and its unique blend of tradition and innovation.\\n\\n\\n\\n\\n\\n\\n\\nNanjing, A Gastronomic Crossroads\\n\\n\\n\\n\\n\\n\\n\\nCity Highlights Beyond the Plate\\n\\nHowever, Nanjing’s allure extends far beyond its top tables. This storied city beckons travelers with its blend of ancient history and natural beauty. For instance, the majestic Sun Yat-sen Mausoleum nestled in a picturesque natural setting, with sweeping views of the surroundings. offers a popular destination for visitors seeking both historical and natural beauty.Nearby, the Nanjing City Wall—one of China’s best-preserved ancient fortifications—provides a scenic walk-through history, offering glimpses of the city skyline framed by centuries-old stonework. The Confucius Temple district, with its storied past and picturesque Qinhuai River, transforms at dusk into a mesmerizing world of lantern-lit boats, bustling night markets, and echoes of classical poetry drifting through the air. For those seeking serenity, Nanjing’s natural landscapes are just as captivating. The lush trails of Purple Mountain wind through centuries-old relics, leading to breathtaking viewpoints that capture the city’s harmonious blend of nature and urban life. Art and history enthusiasts will find endless fascination at the Nanjing Museum, home to an impressive collection of Ming and Qing Dynasty artifacts, calligraphy, and priceless relics that chronicle the city’s dynastic past. Autumn brings a different kind of beauty to Qixia Mountain, where crimson and gold foliage frame Buddhist temples, making it a peaceful seasonal retreat. Meanwhile, the old-world charm of Laomendong enchants visitors with its timeworn architecture, artisan boutiques, and the irresistible aroma of sizzling street food—a perfect fusion of past and present, just like Nanjing itself. With its deep-rooted history, thriving culinary scene, and undeniable charm, Nanjing is our partner as the host city for this next MICHELIN Guide 2025 awards ceremony—a celebration of Jiangsu’s finest flavors on the world stage.\\n\\n\\n\\nHero Image: Nanjing city in China © iStock\\n\\n\\n\\nTravel\\n\\nNew York Nico’s Guide to NYC Restaurants\\n\\nThe self-proclaimed “unofficial talent scout” shares his local favorites from the city he calls home.\\n\\nSustainable Hotel Stays\\n\\nSustainability is more than a buzzword—it’s a core value embraced by some of North America’s most design-forward hotels.\\n\\nTwo Days in Florence: MICHELIN Dining and Hidden Gems\\n\\nOver just two days in Florence, explore some of its best MICHELIN Guide dining spots and uncover its hidden gems. From exquisite cuisine to artisan treasures, get to know the Tuscan city like a local with our handy guide for a curated taste of Florence’s finest.\\n\\nWhere to Eat in Marseille, the Mediterranean’s Most Exciting Food City\\n\\nFrance’s oldest city, Marseille is a crossroads of culture and cuisine, shaped by 2,600 years of migration and maritime trade. From its Greek founders to waves of immigrants from Italy, North Africa, the Middle East, and beyond, each community has left an indelible mark on the city’s dynamic food culture. Here's where to eat in Marseille, as noted by our Inspectors.\\n\\nKeep Exploring - Stories we think you will enjoy reading\\n\\nSacramento Set to Host The MICHELIN Guide California 2025 Ceremony\\n\\nThe Golden State's capital welcomes the culinary world's top talents.\\n\\n9 Restaurants Putting Fusion Food Back on the Map\\n\\nAcross the globe, innovative chefs are defying expectations with fusion food that elegantly blends together distinct national cuisines. The results are as compelling as they are delicious.\\n\\nFamily: The Secret Ingredient\\n\\nFew countries have as many long-standing, family-run restaurants as Austria. Here, tradition and innovation come together to form unique places with bags of character and a feel-good atmosphere. Here, we present seven such outstanding family businesses.\\n\\nThe MICHELIN Guide Debuts in the American South\\n\\nSix states join the illustrious selection with the region's signature flair and flavors.\\n\\nWhere to Eat and Stay During D.C.'s Cherry Blossom Season\\n\\nCome spring, the nation's capital is pretty in pink.\\n\\nEpic Journeys: 4 of the Best Train Trips for Foodies\\n\\nOn these luxury trains, fine dining, breathtaking landscapes, and impeccable service redefine slow travel, offering the best train trips to remember from Italy to Malaysia.\\n\\nThe 8 Best Art and Music Festivals: Where to Eat & Stay Nearby\\n\\nFrom Europe’s best art and music festivals to exclusive seaside soirées and desert parties in California, festival season is more exciting than ever. Elevate your experience by pairing a weekend of music and dancing with exceptional dining and luxurious stays at some of The MICHELIN Guide’s top-rated restaurants and hotels.\\n\\nAll MICHELIN-Star Restaurants in France 2025 – Just Released\\n\\nExplore the just-revealed full list of 654 MICHELIN-Star restaurants in France 2025, listed by number of Stars, then alphabetically by region, \\\"departement\\\", and town or city. The 68 new Stars for the 2025 edition appear in red.\\n\\nAll the New MICHELIN-Starred Restaurants in Paris 2025\\n\\nExplore the just-revealed full list of MICHELIN-Star restaurants in Paris 2025, listed by number of Stars.\\n\\nThe MICHELIN Guide 2025: The Best New Basque Country Restaurants\\n\\nFrom surfing the restaurant scene of Biarritz to indulging in the untamed flavors of Haute-Soule, the Basque Country's restaurants are a treat for the taste buds. Here's where to go for a foodie journey inspired by the all-new MICHELIN Guide 2025 selection.\\n\\n9 Traditional European Dishes You Need to Try\\n\\nSpring presents the perfect opportunity to plan a European trip centered around authentic flavors and long-simmered rural dishes you won’t find anywhere else.\\n\\nUse the app to find the best restaurants and hotels everywhere\\n\\nBe the first to get news and updates about The MICHELIN Guide\\n\\nFollow us\\n\\nMICHELIN Guide selections\\n\\n\\n\\n\\n\\nMICHELIN Guide\\n\\nThe MICHELIN group\\n\\nDisplay settings\\n\\nCustomize your experience by easily adjusting display settings for territory, and currency to suit your preferences!\\n\\nWant to leave a review?\\n\\nGo to the \\\"Visited\\\" list underMy Lists and tap the \\\"Review\\\" button to leave your comments from your visit\\n\\n\\n\\nSort by:\\n\\nMember privileges\\n\\nThe Plus program provides upgrades and amenities at participating hotels. For this hotel, Plus members will receive:\\n\\nNon-members can add the privileges at checkout through our 30 day free trial, cancellable at anytime.\\n\\n\"}, {\"type\": \"page\", \"title\": \"MICHELIN Guide 2025: Jiangsu Province's Culinary Spotlight Shines on ...\", \"url\": \"https://guide.michelin.com/us/en/article/travel/michelin-guide-2025-jiangsu-cuisine-nanjing\", \"content\": \"the province’s new starred restaurants.On April 9, 2025, the highly anticipated first edition of the Jiangsu MICHELIN Guide will be officially released, showcasing the culinary excellence of Nanjing, Yangzhou, and Suzhou—three cities renowned for their rich history and vibrant food culture. As the capital of Jiangsu Province, Nanjing will host the release ceremony, welcoming global food enthusiasts to celebrate the region’s gastronomic achievements and its unique blend of tradition and [...] The MICHELIN Guide has set its sights on Nanjing for the unveiling of its 2025 Jiangsu Province selection—a city that’s equal parts historical treasure and modern culinary powerhouse. Once the heart of six imperial dynasties, Nanjing is a place where ancient traditions meet contemporary sophistication. Perched along the mighty Yangtze River, this cultural gem has long been a crossroads of China’s political, economic, and culinary evolution, earning it the title of host city for the unveiling of [...] its timeworn architecture, artisan boutiques, and the irresistible aroma of sizzling street food—a perfect fusion of past and present, just like Nanjing itself. With its deep-rooted history, thriving culinary scene, and undeniable charm, Nanjing is our partner as the host city for this next MICHELIN Guide 2025 awards ceremony—a celebration of Jiangsu’s finest flavors on the world stage.\", \"score\": 0.81770587, \"raw_content\": \"MICHELIN Guide 2025: Jiangsu Province’s Culinary Spotlight Shines on Nanjing\\n\\nThe MICHELIN Guide unveils its 2025 Jiangsu Province selection in Nanjing, a historic yet modern culinary powerhouse along the Yangtze River.\\n\\nfood\\n                        \\n\\n                            Restaurants\\n                        \\n\\n                            Announcement\\n                        \\n\\n                            Michelin news\\n                        \\n\\n                            China\\n\\nShare\\n\\n\\n\\nThe MICHELIN Guide has set its sights on Nanjing for the unveiling of its 2025 Jiangsu Province selection—a city that’s equal parts historical treasure and modern culinary powerhouse. Once the heart of six imperial dynasties, Nanjing is a place where ancient traditions meet contemporary sophistication. Perched along the mighty Yangtze River, this cultural gem has long been a crossroads of China’s political, economic, and culinary evolution, earning it the title of host city for the unveiling of the province’s new starred restaurants.On April 9, 2025, the highly anticipated first edition of the Jiangsu MICHELIN Guide will be officially released, showcasing the culinary excellence of Nanjing, Yangzhou, and Suzhou—three cities renowned for their rich history and vibrant food culture. As the capital of Jiangsu Province, Nanjing will host the release ceremony, welcoming global food enthusiasts to celebrate the region’s gastronomic achievements and its unique blend of tradition and innovation.\\n\\n\\n\\n\\n\\n\\n\\nNanjing, A Gastronomic Crossroads\\n\\n\\n\\n\\n\\n\\n\\nCity Highlights Beyond the Plate\\n\\nHowever, Nanjing’s allure extends far beyond its top tables. This storied city beckons travelers with its blend of ancient history and natural beauty. For instance, the majestic Sun Yat-sen Mausoleum nestled in a picturesque natural setting, with sweeping views of the surroundings. offers a popular destination for visitors seeking both historical and natural beauty.Nearby, the Nanjing City Wall—one of China’s best-preserved ancient fortifications—provides a scenic walk-through history, offering glimpses of the city skyline framed by centuries-old stonework. The Confucius Temple district, with its storied past and picturesque Qinhuai River, transforms at dusk into a mesmerizing world of lantern-lit boats, bustling night markets, and echoes of classical poetry drifting through the air. For those seeking serenity, Nanjing’s natural landscapes are just as captivating. The lush trails of Purple Mountain wind through centuries-old relics, leading to breathtaking viewpoints that capture the city’s harmonious blend of nature and urban life. Art and history enthusiasts will find endless fascination at the Nanjing Museum, home to an impressive collection of Ming and Qing Dynasty artifacts, calligraphy, and priceless relics that chronicle the city’s dynastic past. Autumn brings a different kind of beauty to Qixia Mountain, where crimson and gold foliage frame Buddhist temples, making it a peaceful seasonal retreat. Meanwhile, the old-world charm of Laomendong enchants visitors with its timeworn architecture, artisan boutiques, and the irresistible aroma of sizzling street food—a perfect fusion of past and present, just like Nanjing itself. With its deep-rooted history, thriving culinary scene, and undeniable charm, Nanjing is our partner as the host city for this next MICHELIN Guide 2025 awards ceremony—a celebration of Jiangsu’s finest flavors on the world stage.\\n\\n\\n\\nHero Image: Nanjing city in China © iStock\\n\\n\\n\\nTravel\\n\\nNew York Nico’s Guide to NYC Restaurants\\n\\nThe self-proclaimed “unofficial talent scout” shares his local favorites from the city he calls home.\\n\\nSustainable Hotel Stays\\n\\nSustainability is more than a buzzword—it’s a core value embraced by some of North America’s most design-forward hotels.\\n\\nTwo Days in Florence: MICHELIN Dining and Hidden Gems\\n\\nOver just two days in Florence, explore some of its best MICHELIN Guide dining spots and uncover its hidden gems. From exquisite cuisine to artisan treasures, get to know the Tuscan city like a local with our handy guide for a curated taste of Florence’s finest.\\n\\nWhere to Eat in Marseille, the Mediterranean’s Most Exciting Food City\\n\\nFrance’s oldest city, Marseille is a crossroads of culture and cuisine, shaped by 2,600 years of migration and maritime trade. From its Greek founders to waves of immigrants from Italy, North Africa, the Middle East, and beyond, each community has left an indelible mark on the city’s dynamic food culture. Here's where to eat in Marseille, as noted by our Inspectors.\\n\\nKeep Exploring - Stories we think you will enjoy reading\\n\\nSacramento Set to Host The MICHELIN Guide California 2025 Ceremony\\n\\nThe Golden State's capital welcomes the culinary world's top talents.\\n\\n9 Restaurants Putting Fusion Food Back on the Map\\n\\nAcross the globe, innovative chefs are defying expectations with fusion food that elegantly blends together distinct national cuisines. The results are as compelling as they are delicious.\\n\\nThe MICHELIN Guide Debuts in the American South\\n\\nSix states join the illustrious selection with the region's signature flair and flavors.\\n\\nWhere to Eat and Stay During D.C.'s Cherry Blossom Season\\n\\nCome spring, the nation's capital is pretty in pink.\\n\\nEpic Journeys: 4 of the Best Train Trips for Foodies\\n\\nOn these luxury trains, fine dining, breathtaking landscapes, and impeccable service redefine slow travel, offering the best train trips to remember from Italy to Malaysia.\\n\\nThe 8 Best Art and Music Festivals: Where to Eat & Stay Nearby\\n\\nFrom Europe’s best art and music festivals to exclusive seaside soirées and desert parties in California, festival season is more exciting than ever. Elevate your experience by pairing a weekend of music and dancing with exceptional dining and luxurious stays at some of The MICHELIN Guide’s top-rated restaurants and hotels.\\n\\nAll MICHELIN-Star Restaurants in France 2025 – Just Released\\n\\nExplore the just-revealed full list of 654 MICHELIN-Star restaurants in France 2025, listed by number of Stars, then alphabetically by region, \\\"departement\\\", and town or city. The 68 new Stars for the 2025 edition appear in red.\\n\\nAll the New MICHELIN-Starred Restaurants in Paris 2025\\n\\nExplore the just-revealed full list of MICHELIN-Star restaurants in Paris 2025, listed by number of Stars.\\n\\nThe MICHELIN Guide 2025: The Best New Basque Country Restaurants\\n\\nFrom surfing the restaurant scene of Biarritz to indulging in the untamed flavors of Haute-Soule, the Basque Country's restaurants are a treat for the taste buds. Here's where to go for a foodie journey inspired by the all-new MICHELIN Guide 2025 selection.\\n\\n9 Traditional European Dishes You Need to Try\\n\\nSpring presents the perfect opportunity to plan a European trip centered around authentic flavors and long-simmered rural dishes you won’t find anywhere else.\\n\\nEurope in Spring: 8 Beach Destinations - and Where to Eat\\n\\nSavvy travelers know that the best time to visit beaches in Europe is before the summer rush. From Mediterranean islands to Atlantic hideaways, these foodie-friendly beach destinations offer world-class dining, stylish stays, and fewer crowds. Each one is perfect for a spring escape before high-season price hikes, sizzling temperatures, and family holiday chaos set in.\\n\\nUse the app to find the best restaurants and hotels everywhere\\n\\nBe the first to get news and updates about The MICHELIN Guide\\n\\nFollow us\\n\\nMICHELIN Guide selections\\n\\n\\n\\n\\n\\nMICHELIN Guide\\n\\nThe MICHELIN group\\n\\nDisplay settings\\n\\nCustomize your experience by easily adjusting display settings for territory, and currency to suit your preferences!\\n\\nWant to leave a review?\\n\\nGo to the \\\"Visited\\\" list underMy Lists and tap the \\\"Review\\\" button to leave your comments from your visit\\n\\n\\n\\nSort by:\\n\\nMember privileges\\n\\nThe Plus program provides upgrades and amenities at participating hotels. For this hotel, Plus members will receive:\\n\\nNon-members can add the privileges at checkout through our 30 day free trial, cancellable at anytime.\\n\\n\"}, {\"type\": \"image\", \"image_url\": \"https://blog.myfitnesspal.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/12/2025-nutrition-food-predictions.png\", \"image_description\": null}, {\"type\": \"image\", \"image_url\": \"https://slurpculinaryacademy.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/01/Slurp-Blog-Banners-1.jpg\", \"image_description\": \"A vibrant display of popular dishes, including a fresh salad, a flavorful stir-fry topped with an egg, and a rolled spring roll, showcases the top culinary trends for 2024 as presented by the Slurp Culinary Academy.\"}, {\"type\": \"image\", \"image_url\": \"https://d3h1lg3ksw6i6b.cloudfront.net/media/image/2025/03/12/173139e2e5c346ef954428dcdf9f725e_Nanjing_iStock-839745710.jpg\", \"image_description\": \"A picturesque view of Nanjing showcases the city skyline illuminated at dusk, with a serene lake in the foreground and lush greenery along the banks, reflecting the vibrant culinary trends anticipated for 2024 and 2025.\"}, {\"type\": \"image\", \"image_url\": \"https://cfe-news.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/03/Photo5-1-791x1024.jpg\", \"image_description\": \"A visually striking design features a stylized fork entwined with colorful neon lights, prominently displaying \\\"2024 FOOD TRENDS\\\" amidst thematic keywords related to culinary trends.\"}, {\"type\": \"image\", \"image_url\": \"https://foodbydesign.nl/wp-content/uploads/2023/08/FBD_Food-Trends-2024-_-Uitgelichte-afbeelding.png\", \"image_description\": null}]", "tool_call_id": ""}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-3a4a6b49-ad2e-42f8-86c1-d0a1697f0f5b", "role": "assistant", "content": "The search results about"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-3a4a6b49-ad2e-42f8-86c1-d0a1697f0f5b", "role": "assistant", "content": " Nanjing culinary trends show:\n\n*   `trip.com` mentions Nanjing is known"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-3a4a6b49-ad2e-42f8-86c1-d0a1697f0f5b", "role": "assistant", "content": " for its rich culinary traditions and unique local flavors.\n*   `guide."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-3a4a6b49-ad2e-42f8-86c1-d0a1697f0f5b", "role": "assistant", "content": "michelin.com` announces the unveiling of the first Jiangsu MICHELIN Guide in Nanjing on April 9, 2025, highlighting the"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-3a4a6b49-ad2e-42f8-86c1-d0a1697f0f5b", "role": "assistant", "content": " city's blend of tradition and innovation and recognizing it as a culinary powerhouse.\n\n**Conclusion:**\n\nNanjing's culinary scene is a vibrant mix of traditional"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-3a4a6b49-ad2e-42f8-86c1-d0a1697f0f5b", "role": "assistant", "content": " cuisine and modern innovation. Key restaurants include Plum Garden (梅苑) in Jinling Hotel, known for its elegant ambiance and traditional Nanjing cuisine, especially salted duck; Ma Xiang Xing, a long-standing halal restaurant famous for its fish, duck, and"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-3a4a6b49-ad2e-42f8-86c1-d0a1697f0f5b", "role": "assistant", "content": " shrimp dishes; and others listed on sites like Wanderlog. The Michelin Guide's arrival in Jiangsu Province in 2025, with Nanjing hosting the event, underscores the city's growing importance as a culinary destination. While specific"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-3a4a6b49-ad2e-42f8-86c1-d0a1697f0f5b", "role": "assistant", "content": " pricing and comprehensive menus were difficult to obtain through the available tools, the research highlights a dynamic food scene that balances historical dishes with contemporary trends.\n\n**References:**\n\n*   [Nanjing Cuisines: Explore Local Flavors and Dishes](https://cuisinevoila.com/nanjing-cuisines/)\n\n*"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-3a4a6b49-ad2e-42f8-86c1-d0a1697f0f5b", "role": "assistant", "content": "   [Discover Nanjing's culinary delights with these 5 must-try restaurants](https://www.instagram.com/reel/C9zqwY1Bdo-/)\n\n*   [Where to eat: the 50 best restaurants in Nanjing - Wanderlog](https://wanderlog.com/"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-3a4a6b49-ad2e-42f8-86c1-d0a1697f0f5b", "role": "assistant", "content": "list/geoCategory/74026/where-to-eat-best-restaurants-in-nanjing)\n\n*   [Jinling Hotel - Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jinling_Hotel)\n\n*   [Where to Eat in Nanjing: Top 1"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-3a4a6b49-ad2e-42f8-86c1-d0a1697f0f5b", "role": "assistant", "content": "5 Must-Visit Spots](https://letstraveltochina.com/where-to-eat-in-nanjing/)\n\n*   [Jinling Hotel Nanjing official site! Best price guarantee!](http://jinling.hotelnanjing.cn/en)\n\n*   [Top 10"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-3a4a6b49-ad2e-42f8-86c1-d0a1697f0f5b", "role": "assistant", "content": " Nanjing Restaurants: Ma Xiang Xing, Han Fu Xing…](https://www.travelchinaguide.com/cityguides/jiangsu/nanjing-restaurants.htm)\n\n*   [Zhuo Xian | Seafood Restaurant at Jumeirah Nanjing, China](https://www.jumeirah.com"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-3a4a6b49-ad2e-42f8-86c1-d0a1697f0f5b", "role": "assistant", "content": "/en/stay/nanjing/jumeirah-nanjing/dining/nanjing-zhuo-xian)\n\n*   [JINLING HOTEL PLUM GARDEN, Nanjing - Tripadvisor](https://www.tripadvisor.com/Restaurant_Review-g294220"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-3a4a6b49-ad2e-42f8-86c1-d0a1697f0f5b", "role": "assistant", "content": "-d6579270-Reviews-or15-Jinling_Hotel_Plum_Garden-Nanjing_Jiangsu.html)\n\n*   [Must-Try Foods In Qinhuai River (Nanjing) For Tourists 2025](https://travelset"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-3a4a6b49-ad2e-42f8-86c1-d0a1697f0f5b", "role": "assistant", "content": "u.com/guide/qinhuai-river-tourism/food-in-qinhuai-river)\n\n*   [Ma Xiang Xing Restaurant - % ΔRΔBICΔ - Arabica](https://arabica.coffee/en/place/ma-xiang-xing-restaurant/)"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-3a4a6b49-ad2e-42f8-86c1-d0a1697f0f5b", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n\n*   [Top 10 Nanjing Food You Must Try - Trip.com](https://www.trip.com/guide/food/nanjing-food.html)\n\n*   [MICHELIN Guide 2025: Jiangsu Province's Culinary Spotlight Shines on ...](https://guide."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-3a4a6b49-ad2e-42f8-86c1-d0a1697f0f5b", "role": "assistant", "content": "michelin.com/en/article/travel/michelin-guide-2025-jiangsu-cuisine-nanjing)\n\n*   [MICHELIN Guide 2025: Jiangsu Province's Culinary Spotlight Shines on ...](https://guide.michelin."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-3a4a6b49-ad2e-42f8-86c1-d0a1697f0f5b", "role": "assistant", "content": "com/us/en/article/travel/michelin-guide-2025-jiangsu-cuisine-nanjing)\n\n**Images:**\n\n![The bustling interior of a restaurant showcases diners enjoying traditional cuisine under the warm glow of lanterns, with a chef preparing food in an open kitchen.](https://s"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-3a4a6b49-ad2e-42f8-86c1-d0a1697f0f5b", "role": "assistant", "content": "3.amazonaws.com/fathom_media/uploads/Nanging-DaPaiDang.jpg.1200x800_q85.jpg)\n\n![A lavish spread of traditional Nanjing dishes featuring an array of beautifully plated seafood, meats, vegetables, and garnishes, all"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-3a4a6b49-ad2e-42f8-86c1-d0a1697f0f5b", "role": "assistant", "content": " arranged elegantly on multiple dishes around a circular table.](https://suzhouprivatetour.com/upload/ueditor/image/20180103/6365060333158203126041874.jpg"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-3a4a6b49-ad2e-42f8-86c1-d0a1697f0f5b", "role": "assistant", "content": ")\n\n![A variety of traditional Nanjing dishes, including steamed dumplings and flavorful marinated items, are beautifully presented on a textured surface, accompanied by chopsticks and small bowls.](https://museumofwander.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/09/DSC00884.jpg)\n\n!["}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-3a4a6b49-ad2e-42f8-86c1-d0a1697f0f5b", "role": "assistant", "content": "A plate features a large, intricately arranged dish of deep-fried fish with a savory sauce, topped with diced vegetables, green peas, and shrimp, accentuating the flavors of Nanjing's special cuisine.](http://i2.cdn.turner.com/cnnnext/dam/assets/1510"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-3a4a6b49-ad2e-42f8-86c1-d0a1697f0f5b", "role": "assistant", "content": "19152530-dsc-0380-super-169.jpg)\n\n![A variety of traditional Nanjing dishes, including a bowl of stir-fried vegetables, two different sauces, and a platter of dumplings, are beautifully arranged on a textured table.](http://mid"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-3a4a6b49-ad2e-42f8-86c1-d0a1697f0f5b", "role": "assistant", "content": "liferoadtrip.tv/wp-content/uploads/2019/06/Nanjing-Food-1024x640.jpg)\n\n![The restaurant at Jinling Hotel Nanjing features elegantly set tables with white tablecloths, traditional wooden chairs, and decorative plants, creating"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-3a4a6b49-ad2e-42f8-86c1-d0a1697f0f5b", "role": "assistant", "content": " a serene and inviting atmosphere.](https://media-cdn.tripadvisor.com/media/photo-s/05/c3/79/75/getlstd-property-photo.jpg)\n\n![The interior features a modern seafood restaurant with sleek furnishings, a stylish bar area adorned with pendant lights"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-3a4a6b49-ad2e-42f8-86c1-d0a1697f0f5b", "role": "assistant", "content": ", and expansive windows offering a view of the cityscape.](https://cdn.jumeirah.com/-/mediadh/dh/hospitality/jumeirah/restaurants/nanjing/nanjing-zhou-xian/hero-banner/zhuo-xian-seafood-bar_6-"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-3a4a6b49-ad2e-42f8-86c1-d0a1697f0f5b", "role": "assistant", "content": "4.jpg?h=1080&w=1620)\n\n![A beautifully presented fish dish with a glossy red sauce and garnished with green onions and sliced vegetables.](https://arabicaweb.xsrv.jp/wp-content/uploads/2019/11"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "researcher", "id": "run-3a4a6b49-ad2e-42f8-86c1-d0a1697f0f5b", "role": "assistant", "content": "/03_Ma-Xiang-Xing-Restaurant_02.jpg)\n", "finish_reason": "stop"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-b6027014-cf1e-4e7e-96a0-26994cca2897", "role": "assistant", "content": "#"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-b6027014-cf1e-4e7e-96a0-26994cca2897", "role": "assistant", "content": " Nanjing's"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-b6027014-cf1e-4e7e-96a0-26994cca2897", "role": "assistant", "content": " Culinary Scene and Traditional Dishes\n\n## Key Points\n\n*   Nanjing's"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-b6027014-cf1e-4e7e-96a0-26994cca2897", "role": "assistant", "content": " cuisine is deeply influenced by its history as a former capital of China, reflecting both"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-b6027014-cf1e-4e7e-96a0-26994cca2897", "role": "assistant", "content": " its cultural heritage and regional location.\n*   Iconic dishes such as Nanjing Salted Duck and Duck Blood Vermicelli Soup showcase the city's culinary traditions and emphasis on"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-b6027014-cf1e-4e7e-96a0-26994cca2897", "role": "assistant", "content": " duck-based dishes.\n*   The city's vibrant street food scene offers a diverse range of snacks, including pan-fried beef dumplings and stinky tofu.\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-b6027014-cf1e-4e7e-96a0-26994cca2897", "role": "assistant", "content": "*   Nanjing's culinary scene blends traditional recipes with modern innovations, attracting attention from culinary experts like the Michelin Guide.\n*   Key restaurants like Plum Garden in Jinling Hotel and Ma Xiang Xing highlight the city's blend of elegant"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-b6027014-cf1e-4e7e-96a0-26994cca2897", "role": "assistant", "content": " dining and traditional cuisine.\n*   Nanjing cuisine balances salty and sweet flavors, with a preference for slightly sweet sauces and an emphasis on fresh, seasonal ingredients.\n\n---\n\n## Overview\n\nNanjing's culinary landscape is a vibrant blend"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-b6027014-cf1e-4e7e-96a0-26994cca2897", "role": "assistant", "content": " of historical traditions and contemporary trends. As a former capital of China, Nanjing's cuisine has been shaped by its rich cultural heritage and regional influences. The city is known for its emphasis on duck-based dishes, freshwater seafood, and a balance of salty and sweet flavors. Its street food scene is equally compelling, offering a variety"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-b6027014-cf1e-4e7e-96a0-26994cca2897", "role": "assistant", "content": " of local snacks and delicacies. The arrival of the Michelin Guide in Jiangsu Province, with Nanjing hosting the event, underscores the city's growing importance as a culinary destination, recognizing its blend of tradition and innovation.\n\n---\n\n## Detailed Analysis\n\n### Traditional Nanjing Dishes\n\nNanjing cuisine is characterized by its historical influences, unique"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-b6027014-cf1e-4e7e-96a0-26994cca2897", "role": "assistant", "content": " ingredients, and distinct cooking techniques. Key dishes reflect the region's geography and culture, emphasizing fresh, seasonal ingredients and balanced flavors.\n\n*   **Nanjing Salted Duck (南京盐水鸭)**\n\n    *   Description: A traditional Nanjing dish featuring duck that is cured with salt and spices, known for its savory"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-b6027014-cf1e-4e7e-96a0-26994cca2897", "role": "assistant", "content": " flavor with a hint of sweetness and a delicate saltiness.\n    *   Ingredients: Duck, coarse salt, Szechuan peppercorns, star anise, ginger, garlic, green onions, soy sauce, cooking wine, white pepper powder, bay leaves, cinnamon.\n    *   Preparation: The duck is rinsed,"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-b6027014-cf1e-4e7e-96a0-26994cca2897", "role": "assistant", "content": " rubbed with a salt mixture, refrigerated for 24 hours, rinsed again, and then simmered until tender.\n    *   Serving: Typically served sliced, either as a standalone dish or as part of a larger meal, often accompanied by condiments like soy sauce and scallions.\n    *   Historical Origins: A traditional"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-b6027014-cf1e-4e7e-96a0-26994cca2897", "role": "assistant", "content": " dish enjoyed for centuries in Nanjing.\n\n      ![Nanjing Salted Duck](https://thewoksoflife.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/07/nanjing-salted-duck-3-1-599x599.jpg)\n*   **"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-b6027014-cf1e-4e7e-96a0-26994cca2897", "role": "assistant", "content": "Jinling Roast Duck (金陵烤鸭)**\n\n    *   Description: A variation of roast duck originating in Nanjing, similar to Peking duck but with its own distinct flavor, known for its crispy skin and tender meat.\n    *   Ingredients: Whole duck, soy sauce, ginger, garlic, sugar, cooking wine,"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-b6027014-cf1e-4e7e-96a0-26994cca2897", "role": "assistant", "content": " five-spice powder, honey, rice vinegar, salt.\n    *   Preparation: The duck is marinated, brushed with a honey mixture, dried, and then roasted using fruit tree wood to impart a smoky flavor.\n    *   Serving: Typically served sliced, accompanied by thin pancakes or steamed buns, along with condiments like ho"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-b6027014-cf1e-4e7e-96a0-26994cca2897", "role": "assistant", "content": "isin sauce and scallions.\n    *   Historical Origins: Jinling is Nanjing's historical moniker, meaning \"capital of Jin.\"\n\n      ![Jinling Roast Duck](https://i0.wp.com/bossyflossie.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-b6027014-cf1e-4e7e-96a0-26994cca2897", "role": "assistant", "content": "08/Nanjing-Impression-Chinese-Roast-Duck.jpg)\n*   **Duck Blood Vermicelli Soup (鸭血粉丝汤)**\n\n    *   Description: A popular and savory soup made with duck blood curd, vermicelli noodles, and a flavorful broth, often including duck meat, tofu, and"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-b6027014-cf1e-4e7e-96a0-26994cca2897", "role": "assistant", "content": " dried shrimp.\n    *   Ingredients: Duck blood curd, vermicelli noodles, duck broth, duck meat (optional), tofu, dried shrimp, ginger, garlic, Chinese medicinal herbs (optional), soy sauce, chili oil, scallions or cilantro.\n    *   Preparation: The ingredients are simmered together in duck"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-b6027014-cf1e-4e7e-96a0-26994cca2897", "role": "assistant", "content": " broth, and seasoned with soy sauce, ginger, garlic, and chili oil.\n    *   Serving: Typically served hot in a bowl, garnished with chopped scallions or cilantro.\n    *   Historical Origins: A traditional delicacy in Nanjing, often found at food stalls in areas like Fuzimiao.\n\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-b6027014-cf1e-4e7e-96a0-26994cca2897", "role": "assistant", "content": "      ![Duck Blood Vermicelli Soup](https://www.mychineserecipes.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/11/Duck-Blood-Soup-With-Vermicelli-Recipe.jpg)\n\n### Nanjing Street Food\n\nNanjing's street food scene is"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-b6027014-cf1e-4e7e-96a0-26994cca2897", "role": "assistant", "content": " a vibrant part of its culinary culture, offering a variety of snacks and delicacies.\n\n*   **Tangbao (汤包)**\n\n    *   Description: Soup dumplings filled with a flavorful broth and a mixture of meat and/or vegetables.\n    *   Ingredients: Minced pork, shrimp, crab meat (optional), bamboo"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-b6027014-cf1e-4e7e-96a0-26994cca2897", "role": "assistant", "content": " shoots or mushrooms (optional), broth (made from meat or bones, spices, and seasonings).\n    *   Preparation: Thin dumpling wrappers are filled with the meat/vegetable mixture and gelatinous broth, then steamed in bamboo steamers.\n    *   Serving: Served in bamboo steamers with a dipping sauce made of soy sauce"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-b6027014-cf1e-4e7e-96a0-26994cca2897", "role": "assistant", "content": ", vinegar, ginger, or chili oil.\n\n      ![Tangbao](https://cdn.tasteatlas.com/images/dishes/4193a4937e36487293315290f40f1874.jpg)"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-b6027014-cf1e-4e7e-96a0-26994cca2897", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n*   **Egg Shaomai (蛋饺烧卖)**\n\n    *   Description: A type of steamed dumpling made with eggs, ground pork, shrimp, mushrooms, and seasonings.\n    *   Ingredients: Eggs, ground pork, shrimp, mushrooms, soy sauce, ginger, garlic, sesame oil."}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-b6027014-cf1e-4e7e-96a0-26994cca2897", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n    *   Preparation: The filling ingredients are mixed, spooned onto a dumpling wrapper, folded into a pleated shape, and steamed in bamboo steamers.\n    *   Serving: Served in bamboo steamers, with or without condiments.\n\n      ![Egg Shaomai](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-b6027014-cf1e-4e7e-96a0-26994cca2897", "role": "assistant", "content": "thumb/9/94/Shaomai.jpg/800px-Shaomai.jpg)\n*   **Pan-fried Beef Dumplings (牛肉锅贴)**\n\n    *   Description: Dumplings filled with ground beef and seasonings, pan-fried until crispy on the bottom.\n"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-b6027014-cf1e-4e7e-96a0-26994cca2897", "role": "assistant", "content": "    *   Ingredients: Ground beef, ginger, garlic, green onions, soy sauce, sesame oil, Sichuan peppercorns (optional).\n    *   Preparation: Dumpling wrappers are filled with the beef mixture, pan-fried until golden and crispy, then steamed.\n    *   Serving: Served with a dipping sauce of"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-b6027014-cf1e-4e7e-96a0-26994cca2897", "role": "assistant", "content": " soy sauce, vinegar, chili oil, or sesame oil.\n\n      ![Pan-fried Beef Dumplings](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/3/37/Guotie2.JPG/800px-Guotie2.JPG)\n*   **"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-b6027014-cf1e-4e7e-96a0-26994cca2897", "role": "assistant", "content": "Stinky Tofu (臭豆腐)**\n\n    *   Description: Fermented tofu with a strong odor and unique savory flavor.\n    *   Ingredients: Tofu, brine (fermented vegetables, dried shrimp, spices).\n    *   Preparation: Tofu is soaked in brine for days or weeks, then"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-b6027014-cf1e-4e7e-96a0-26994cca2897", "role": "assistant", "content": " deep-fried until crispy.\n    *   Serving: Served as a street food snack, often skewered and dipped in sauces.\n\n      ![Stinky Tofu](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/9/94/Stinkytofu.JPG/800"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-b6027014-cf1e-4e7e-96a0-26994cca2897", "role": "assistant", "content": "px-Stinkytofu.JPG)\n\n### Historical and Regional Influences\n\nNanjing's cuisine is deeply rooted in its history as a former capital city, reflecting both its cultural heritage and regional location along the Yangtze River. The Ming Dynasty had a significant impact on Nanjing’s culinary traditions, and many dishes from this period"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-b6027014-cf1e-4e7e-96a0-26994cca2897", "role": "assistant", "content": " are still enjoyed today. The abundance of freshwater fish and seafood has also played a prominent role in shaping the local cuisine.\n\n### Modern Culinary Scene\n\nNanjing's culinary scene is a dynamic mix of traditional cuisine and modern innovation. The arrival of the Michelin Guide in Jiangsu Province in 2025 underscores the city's"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-b6027014-cf1e-4e7e-96a0-26994cca2897", "role": "assistant", "content": " growing importance as a culinary destination. Key restaurants like Plum Garden (梅苑) in Jinling Hotel and Ma Xiang Xing highlight the city's blend of elegant dining and traditional cuisine.\n\n| Restaurant                 | Description                                                                                                                                            | Cuisine                                  |\n| :------------------------- | :----------------------------------------------------------------"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-b6027014-cf1e-4e7e-96a0-26994cca2897", "role": "assistant", "content": "------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | :--------------------------------------- |\n| Plum Garden (梅苑)        | Located in Jinling Hotel, known for its elegant ambiance and traditional Nanjing cuisine.                                                              | Traditional Nanjing Cuisine             |\n| Ma Xiang Xing              | A long-standing halal restaurant famous for its fish,"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-b6027014-cf1e-4e7e-96a0-26994cca2897", "role": "assistant", "content": " duck, and shrimp dishes.                                                                        | Halal, Nanjing Cuisine                  |\n\n---\n\n## Key Citations\n\n- [A Culinary Journey Through Nanjing: Exploring the City's Rich Food Culture](https://chinatraveltips.de/s/en/Nanjing+Food/1064"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-b6027014-cf1e-4e7e-96a0-26994cca2897", "role": "assistant", "content": "9)\n\n- [Where to Eat in Nanjing: Top 15 Must-Visit Spots](https://letstraveltochina.com/where-to-eat-in-nanjing/)\n\n- [A History of Street Food in Nanjing - streetvillageeats.com](https://streetvillagee"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-b6027014-cf1e-4e7e-96a0-26994cca2897", "role": "assistant", "content": "ats.com/locations/nanjing/history-of-street-food-in-nanjing)\n\n- [Nanjing Cuisines: Explore Local Flavors and Dishes](https://cuisinevoila.com/nanjing-cuisines/)\n\n- [Discover Nanjing's culinary delights with these"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-b6027014-cf1e-4e7e-96a0-26994cca2897", "role": "assistant", "content": " 5 must-try restaurants](https://www.instagram.com/reel/C9zqwY1Bdo-/)\n\n- [Where to eat: the 50 best restaurants in Nanjing - Wanderlog](https://wanderlog.com/list/geoCategory/74026/"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-b6027014-cf1e-4e7e-96a0-26994cca2897", "role": "assistant", "content": "where-to-eat-best-restaurants-in-nanjing)\n\n- [Jinling Hotel - Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jinling_Hotel)\n\n- [Jinling Hotel Nanjing official site! Best price guarantee!](http://jinling.hotelnanjing.cn"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-b6027014-cf1e-4e7e-96a0-26994cca2897", "role": "assistant", "content": "/en)\n\n- [Top 10 Nanjing Restaurants: Ma Xiang Xing, Han Fu Xing…](https://www.travelchinaguide.com/cityguides/jiangsu/nanjing-restaurants.htm)\n\n- [Zhuo Xian | Seafood Restaurant at Jumeirah Nanjing, China]("}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-b6027014-cf1e-4e7e-96a0-26994cca2897", "role": "assistant", "content": "https://www.jumeirah.com/en/stay/nanjing/jumeirah-nanjing/dining/nanjing-zhuo-xian)\n\n- [JINLING HOTEL PLUM GARDEN, Nanjing - Tripadvisor](https://www.tripadvisor.com/Restaurant_Review"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-b6027014-cf1e-4e7e-96a0-26994cca2897", "role": "assistant", "content": "-g294220-d6579270-Reviews-or15-Jinling_Hotel_Plum_Garden-Nanjing_Jiangsu.html)\n\n- [Must-Try Foods In Qinhuai River (Nanjing) For Tourists 20"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-b6027014-cf1e-4e7e-96a0-26994cca2897", "role": "assistant", "content": "25](https://travelsetu.com/guide/qinhuai-river-tourism/food-in-qinhuai-river)\n\n- [Ma Xiang Xing Restaurant - % ΔRΔBICΔ - Arabica](https://arabica.coffee/en/place/ma-"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-b6027014-cf1e-4e7e-96a0-26994cca2897", "role": "assistant", "content": "xiang-xing-restaurant/)\n\n- [Top 10 Nanjing Food You Must Try - Trip.com](https://www.trip.com/guide/food/nanjing-food.html)\n\n- [MICHELIN Guide 2025: Jiangsu Province's Culinary Spotlight Shines on"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-b6027014-cf1e-4e7e-96a0-26994cca2897", "role": "assistant", "content": " ...](https://guide.michelin.com/en/article/travel/michelin-guide-2025-jiangsu-cuisine-nanjing)\n\n- [MICHELIN Guide 2025: Jiangsu Province's Culinary Spotlight Shines on ...](https://guide"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-b6027014-cf1e-4e7e-96a0-26994cca2897", "role": "assistant", "content": ".michelin.com/us/en/article/travel/michelin-guide-2025-jiangsu-cuisine-nanjing)\n\n- [The authentic recipe for Nanjing Salted Duck | Chinafoodbook](https://www.chinafoodbook.com/700eb"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-b6027014-cf1e-4e7e-96a0-26994cca2897", "role": "assistant", "content": "1e8de.html)\n\n- [Nanjing Salted Duck Recipe - Simple Chinese Food](https://simplechinesefood.com/recipe/nanjing-salted-duck)\n\n- [Nanjing Salted Duck Recipe - Cook Your Yummy Cuisine](https://cookyouryum.com/"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-b6027014-cf1e-4e7e-96a0-26994cca2897", "role": "assistant", "content": "recipes/chinese/nanjing-salted-duck/)\n\n- [Authentic Nanjing Jinling Roast Duck Recipe | Chinafoodbook](https://www.chinafoodbook.com/52fbc1399f.html)\n\n- [Duck blood and vermicelli soup (Ya xie fen si"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-b6027014-cf1e-4e7e-96a0-26994cca2897", "role": "assistant", "content": " tang) - TasteAtlas](https://www.tasteatlas.com/duck-blood-and-vermicelli-soup)\n\n- [Duck Blood and Vermicelli Soup - Gastro Obscura](https://www.atlasobscura.com/foods/duck-blood-vermicelli-soup)"}

event: message_chunk
data: {"thread_id": "PDgExJb-Qsq2fNtO4B_sZ", "agent": "reporter", "id": "run-b6027014-cf1e-4e7e-96a0-26994cca2897", "role": "assistant", "content": "\n", "finish_reason": "stop"}
